Lovelace Medical Group- Sleep Medicine is searching for an outpatient-only nurse practitioner to join its established, employed practice in Albuquerque, NM. Enjoy an excellent work/life balance while working with an experienced and collegial team!

Required: At least 2 years of experience in Sleep Medicine

About Your Work:

Join 2 physicians, 1 APP, 3 Medical Assistants

Medical Assistant support will be provided to the APP

Outpatient clinic-only position

No Call Requirement

Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.

Expected Patient Load: 20 p/day (36 hours patient facing / 4 hours admin)

Onsite Labs

Responsibilities include seeing sleep apnea patients, ordering sleep studies (in lab or home sleep studies), patient follow-ups, order positive airway pressure (PAP) supplies if needed

The outpatient clinic is located just 8 miles from The Lovelace Sleep Center at Westside Hospital, a state-of-the-art sleep diagnostic testing facility that offers a comprehensive program that follows standards for practice and accreditation by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine. Pediatric sleep studies are available as well.

Smart Technology: See more patients without extending your day. Our providers use Epic EMR and Ambience AI scribe technology to automate documentation, reduce administrative burden, improve patient flow, and ensure accurate coding—leading to better work-life balance and revenue.

A Recruitment Package that Values Your Talent and may include:

Base salary + wRVU production incentive

CME/CEU Allowance

Commencement bonus

Medical debt assistance + Consultative services by Navigate Student Loans

Relocation allowance

Paid malpractice coverage

Health benefits + Retirement plan

Marketing + practice growth assistance

Student Loan Repayment Assistance: The New Mexico Health Professional Loan Repayment Program (HPLRP) provides eligible providers with up to $75,000 in repayment assistance for outstanding student loans.

Free Childcare: New Mexico now offers universal, no-cost childcare for all families, eliminating copays and income limits statewide-saving physicians and APPs an average of $12,000–$14,000 per child per year while providing access to any licensed childcare setting.

About Lovelace Health System:

Lovelace Health System (LHS) has been committed to meeting the growing healthcare needs of Lovelace Medical Center since 1912. With a total of 613 beds, LHS is comprised of Lovelace Medical Center, Heart Hospital of New Mexico at Lovelace Medical Center, Lovelace UNM Rehabilitation Hospital, Lovelace Women's Hospital, Lovelace Westside Hospital, Lovelace Regional Hospital, New Mexico Heart Institute, and Lovelace Medical Group.

Awards & Recognition:

Leapfrog Group

Top Teaching Hospital : Heart Hospital of New Mexico at Lovelace Medical Center

Top General Hospital : Lovelace Women’s Hospital

About the Community:

Albuquerque is New Mexico's largest city and sits in the high desert. With 310 days of sunshine, you'll find the weather perfect for outdoor activities including biking, skiing, and hiking. ABQ is also the hot air ballooning capital of the world and home to the largest University in the state. At night, many enjoy the glow of the neon signs along historic Route 66. ABQ is filled with fantastic cultural offerings, eclectic eateries and shopping, many activities and breathtaking landscapes. With affordable living, an international airport, and a combination of urban, suburban and rural settings-- ABQ is a wonderful place to live and work