Join Equum Medical and be a driving force in revolutionizing acute care telehealth. As an innovative leader in the healthcare technology industry, Equum Medical is dedicated to transforming how patients access critical medical services.

Our cutting-edge telehealth solutions empower healthcare professionals to deliver exceptional care remotely, bridging gaps in accessibility and enhancing patient outcomes. By joining our dynamic team, you will have the unique opportunity to shape the future of acute care telehealth, significantly impacting countless individuals' lives while pushing the boundaries of what's possible in modern healthcare. We also promote flexible scheduling to help maintain work/life balance and long-term career sustainability. Together, let's lead the way in providing seamless, high-quality care to patients when they need it most.

Position Summary :

The Tele-Intensivist provides direct and compassionate virtual care to patients in the ICU setting through telemedicine. You will be managing the patients in collaboration with an on-site team to develop a comprehensive plan of care, including implementing standardized best practices.

Provide critical care medicine support to a defined patient population via telephone/video camera. Use critical thinking to monitor, assess, plan, and support patient care in a collaborative design with bedside multi-disciplinary clinical care teams. Apply your critical care experience and defined processes to identify patient care needs and resolve any risks or barriers to effective and efficient care delivery. Work to solve problems and effectively communicate and partner in virtual care delivery. As a customer facing representative of the company, you will work to develop and promote long term relationships with the site to solidify positive staff and patient experience and drive improved clinical outcomes.

Key Responsibilities :

Managing the ventilator and titrating vasoactive infusions for critically ill patients.

Communicating effectively with other members of the patient's care team, including physicians when necessary

Treating medical and surgical critically ill patients

Conducting proactive rounding with the bedside team to assess and institute early treatment to prevent clinical deterioration.

Accessing and utilizing the EMR, patient records, vital signs, and other decision support tools to provide high-quality care for critically ill patients.

Requirements :

Must be able to effectively present information and respond to questions from patient care providers as well as managers, clients and customers

Must have the ability to work independently and in a collaborative means

Previous computer experience required

Proactive communication to other members of the patient’s physician team

ACLS Certification

Reliable high speed home internet

Practicing VTE, SUP, appropriate ventilation and sedation

Ideally reside in a compact state

12 hour shifts (7PM - 7AM EST)

Knowledge and Skills :

Demonstrated proficiency in acute and/or critical care skills

Strong understanding of telemetry monitoring, policies, and procedures

Ability to think critically in diagnosing clinical problems and defining interventions

Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English

Proficiency in computer documentation and navigation

Education :

Graduate from an accredited School of Medicine

Board-Certification in Critical Care Medicine and additional sub specialties are a plus

Ability to obtain a state Medical License in geographies in which services are provided

Notice & Disclaimer: The above job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. It is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive, all-inclusive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required for the position. Requirements are representative of the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, and/or abilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the abilities or aptitudes to perform each duty proficiently.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We do not discriminate against any job candidate or employee based on age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status, or pregnancy. Equum Medical respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining the confidentiality and security of your personal information.