Minimum Hiring Wage:
From $18.89 per hour

Job Details:
$2500.00 Sign On Bonus for Qualified Candidates

Scheduled Hours: 6:00am - 6:30pm | Every other weekend | Every other holiday

Job Description:

A Brief Overview

Provides basic patient care under the direction of a licensed nurse. Provides high quality care to the following patient populations: Adult, Medical/Surgical, Geriatric, Telemetry, Cardiac, Neonate, Infant, Toddler, School Age, Adolescent, and Psychiatric care patients.Duties are included but are not limited to those below for specified units. * Perform Bedside shift report and beginning and end of shift.* Utilize policies and procedures to keep patients safe from falls. * Assist in wound prevention and Hospital acquired pressure injuries.• Care for the restrained patient and monitor for safety, as directed by the licensed nurse.• Is cost conscious in use of equipment and supplies.• Adhere to safety practices for own personal protection, i.e. infection control devices, lifts, gait belts, eye shields, gloves.• Demonstrate accurate keyboarding proficiency and computer navigation skills.• Demonstrate knowledge of basic math to calculate intake and output.• Set up equipment such as oxygen, portable x-ray machines, and overhead irrigation bottles.

What you will do

Answer patients' call lights in a timely manner and addresses request or reports to co-worker to fulfill the request.

Perform skin assessment and reports abnormal results to licensed nurse in a timely manner.

Perform activities of daily living (ADL’s).

Maintain clean patient rooms and changes linens, as appropriate.

Collect and correctly label specimens, such as urine, feces, or sputum.

Deliver messages, documents, and specimens.

Feed patients who are unable to feed themselves.

Observe patients' conditions, such as measuring and recording intake and output and vital signs; report changes to professional staff in a timely manner.

Provide patients with help walking, exercising, and moving in and out of bed.

Transport patients to treatment units, using a wheelchair or stretcher.

Turn and reposition patients, alone or with assistance, to prevent pressure ulcers.

Proactively monitors patients for safety and communicates to licensed nurse the need for any monitoring devices (alarms).

Consistently uses patient safety devices.

Document activities performed in the medical record in an accurate and timely manner.

Perform blood glucose monitoring and report abnormal results to licensed nurse in a timely manner.

Perform quality monitoring as directed: BGM, etc.

Appropriate use of bed/chair alarms for fall prevention.

Greet visitors and callers to ascertain purpose of visit or call, and direct them to appropriate staff.

Facilitate admissions, discharges and transfers in collaboration with other staff.

Operate office equipment such as: nurse call, fax, scanners, photocopier, computer system, telephone system, telemetry.

Qualifications

Completion of C.N.A. course (or complete within four months of hire date) Required or

Completion of C.N.A course if currently in high school Required

Computer experience Required

Health care experience within the last five years Preferred

Answer patients' call lights in a timely manner and addresses request or reports to co-worker to fulfill the request. Perform skin assessment and reports abnormal results to licensed nurse in a timely manner. Perform activities of daily living (ADL’s). Maintain clean patient rooms and changes linens, as appropriate. Collect and correctly label specimens, such as urine, feces, or sputum. Deliver messages, documents, and specimens. Feed patients who are unable to feed themselves. Observe patients' conditions, such as measuring and recording intake and output and vital signs, report changes to professional staff in a timely manner. Maintain inventory of supplies based on unit routine. Provide patients with help walking, exercising, and moving in and out of bed. Transport patients to treatment units, using a wheelchair or stretcher. Turn and reposition patients, alone or with assistance, to prevent pressure ulcers. Proactively monitors patients for safety and communicates to licensed nurse the need for any monitoring devices (alarms). Consistently uses patient safety devices. Document activities performed in the medical record in an accurate and timely manner. Perform blood glucose monitoring and report abnormal results to licensed nurse in a timely manner. Perform quality monitoring as directed: BGM, etc. Appropriate use of bed/chair alarms for fall prevention. Greet visitors and callers to ascertain purpose of visit or call, and direct them to appropriate staff. Facilitate admissions, discharges and transfers in collaboration with other staff. Assemble, clean sheet, and tear down medical records. Operate office equipment such as: nurse call, fax, scanners, photocopier, computer system, telephone system, telemetry. Accurate and timely order entry. Perform various clerical and administrative functions, such as ordering and maintaining an inventory of supplies. Perform quality checks on equipment, i.e. crash cart, transport monitor.

Dependent Adult Abuse Mandatory Reporter - Iowa Department of Human Services within 180 Days Required

Child Abuse Iowa Mandatory Reporter - Iowa Department of Human Services within 180 Days Required

Certified Nursing Assistant within 120 Days Required

Qualifications:

Emergency First Response and Choking within 90 days of hire.

May perform clerk duties and assist with clerical functions.

MOAB within 12 months of hire.

Restraint training completed after hire.

Acute care: Med Surg and Telemetry: As above

Benefits:

We are excited to offer an aggressive compensation and benefits package for qualifying positions, which includes:

Competitive base pay

Matching retirement programs

Health, Dental and Vision plans

Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts

Employee discounts including car rental, cell-phone plans

Employer-paid, Long-Term Disability, Life, and AD&D

Paid time off (PTO)

Education Assistance Program

Employee Assistance Program

Employee Referral Bonus Program

Discounted cafeteria meals

Paid Parental Leave

Employee Service Recognition program

Voluntary plans including: Life, AD&D, Short-Term Disability, Critical Illness, Accident, Insurance, and Hospital Indemnity

Great River Health and its affiliates are Equal Opportunity employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, national origin, mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.