Job Description:

Under the direction of the El Paso County Hospital District''s ("District") the Physician is accountable for the effective delivery of primary and preventive health services provided in those District clinics included under the District''s designation ("Clinics"). The Physician is responsible for overseeing the medical and health affairs including overseeing quality of patient care.

Required Skills:

1. Politically skilled with a demonstrated ability to successfully navigate initiatives through a public structure.

2. Possesses the ability to build consensus and facilitate interdisciplinary resolution to Clinic issues. Well-developed interpersonal and public relations skills.

3. Demonstration of well-developed management and leadership skills with clinical staff, non-clinical staff management, patients, and community organizations.

4. Able to develop relationships through interpersonal skills and professional reputation, allowing for the development and maintenance of trust and respect from both internal and external constituencies.

5. Working knowledge of clinical analysis, performance improvement and outcomes and ability to interpret and communicate complex medical issues.

6. Effective communication (written and verbal).

7. Establishes and strives to achieve "stretch" performance standards.

8. Creative, energetic persona with a strong public relations ability, professional demeanor, and attitude is essential.

9. A high degree of motivation and self-achievement is essential.

10. Knowledge of border health issues. Culturally sensitive.

11. Bilingual English / Spanish preferred.

Required Experience:

Work Experience

Two years of experience providing primary care services, clinic medical management in an underserved area preferred. Experience working in a primary care medical home preferred. Experience working with Electronic Medical Record Meaningful Use, and Managed Care preferred.

License/Registration/certification

Active Texas Medical License.

Education and Training

Doctor of Medicine Degree (MD) or Doctor of Osteopathic Degree (DO).

Completion of an ACGME/AOA accredited residency training program in Family Practice.

Board certified in Internal Medicine..

Schedule: Full Time - Days - 5-8s