The ideal candidate is a skilled professional that is passionate about delivering quality care and making a real difference. This position is for a Pediatric Occupational Therapist to work in the Elmira City School District. This position can be considered for a 10 month or 12 month full-time position. If 10 months is preferred, the candidate would have summers off.

MAIN FUNCTION:

Plans and implements specific treatment programs for individual patients according to the principles and practices of the occupational therapy profession. Collaborates with interdisciplinary treatment teams to deliver quality services to inpatients, outpatients, ALC and Skilled Nursing Facility residents. Reports to the Clinical Coordinator of Rehabilitative Services.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Clinical

1. According to physician prescription, evaluates specific needs of the patient and formulates an appropriate treatment plan to achieve measurable occupational therapy goals.**

2. Completes evaluations for wheelchairs, splints, positioning and ADL equipment.

3. Fabricates orthotic assistive and splinting devices as necessary.

4. Prepares written documentation as required by policy and procedure, including evaluation results, treatment plans, progress and other reports.

5. Communicates with the patient's physician on all aspects of the patient's care and progress.

6. Collaborates with interdisciplinary team members to ensure efficient coordination of the patient care plan.

7. Provides guidance and direction to those staff members assigned to assist in patient care.

8. Provides appropriate education, training and guidance to the patient, family members and/or care givers.

9. Assists in the care and maintenance of department equipment and supplies.

10. Assists in developing and standardizing new occupational therapy services and products as appropriate.

Education, Institutional and Community Involvement, Other

1. Provides in-service educational opportunities for Arnot Ogden Arnot Health staff, physicians and others as appropriate.

2. Assumes responsibility for continuing education relevant to professional and personal learning needs.

3. Participates in Arnot Health and departmental committees as required.

4. Demonstrates professional image, attitudes and behaviors consistent with the philosophy of the profession and the Arnot Health.

5. Is responsible for attending all annual mandatory education programs as required by position.

6. Provides age appropriate care to neonate, infant, children, adolescent, adult and geriatric patients.

7. Employee understands and demonstrates the importance of satisfying the needs of the customer/patient by interacting with him/her in a friendly and caring way, being attentive to the customer’s needs, both psychologically and physically, and by taking the initiative to maintain communication with the customer in order to provide a secure and pleasant experience with the Arnot Health.

8. It is understood that this job description lists typical duties of the classification and is not to be considered inclusive of all duties which may be assigned.

EDUCATION:

Must be licensed, or eligible to obtain a license, to practice occupational therapy in NYS at the time of hire.

EXPERIENCE:

Experience in a hospital setting preferred.

CARDIOPULMONARY RESUSCITATION (CPR) REQUIREMENTS:

Basic Life Support (BLS) required within 90 days of hire date.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS:

Standing most of the time. Intermittent exertion in positioning, lifting, transferring patients, equipment, or materials.

EXPOSURE CATEGORY:

Category II. Tasks that involve no exposure to blood, body fluids, or tissues. But employment may require performing unplanned Category I tasks.

** A.D.A Essential Functions