Job Title : Registered Nurse

Department: Emergency Department

Job Summary: The RN has principal responsibility for the total nursing care, assessment, planning, implementation, and evaluation of each assigned patient. Plans, provides, and documents discharge planning, teaching, and educates patients, family, or others to attain optimal health and continuity of care. Assures that the care plan is carried out in a safe environment through the performance and supervision of subordinate personnel. OSHA Bloodborne Pathogens Class I

Job Qualifications:

A. Education: Graduate of an accredited School of Professional Nursing.

B. Personal Job-Related Skills: Effective oral and written communication skills.

C. Licensure, Registry or Certification: Registered Nurse currently licensed by the State of Texas Board of Nursing. PALS, ACLS, and TNCC required or obtained within 18 months of hire.

D. Experience:

1. Prior work experience: Two years of experience as a professional Registered Nurse preferred. One year of experience in an Emergency Department setting is required.

2. Technical Training: Current CPR Certification. EKG Interpretation Course preferred. E. Physical and Mental Requirements: Duties of the position require extended periods of standing and walking. Bending, stooping, twisting, reaching, and lifting up to 50 pounds. Occasional heavy lifting when moving or supporting patients who may become weak or helpless. F. Must be able to work a 12-hour shift, either a day shift from 6:00 am – 6:00 pm or a night shift from 6:00 pm -6:00 am.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

A. Utilizing the nursing process, completes a comprehensive physical and psychosocial assessment of patients.

B. Using the nursing process, plan and provide patient/family care, evaluate the patient’s response to care provided, and redirect care as necessary.

C. Implements and monitors appropriate nursing care to meet patients’ needs.

D. Participates in the health care educational needs for the client's family or significant others, regarding patient care needs, disease prevention, and health maintenance measures.

E. Maintains accurate and timely records according to hospital policy and procedures.

Other Significant Requirements:

A. Maintains confidentiality while working with confidential matters daily.

B. Provides service directly to patients while maintaining a positive patient relations atmosphere.

C. Interacts with patients, family members, Medical Staff members, department managers, and other staff on a continuous basis.

D. Follows aseptic technique and established procedures for using precautions when involved in direct patient contact or handling potentially infectious materials.

E. Provides care appropriate for the neonate and the pediatric, adolescent, and geriatric patients served based on demonstrated knowledge of the principles of growth and development over the life span.

F. Assesses and interprets data on neonates and pediatric, adolescent, and geriatric patients’ status to identify patients’ requirements relative to their age-specific needs and provides care needed as stipulated in departmental policy.