Position Summary Performs patient care to patients under the direction and supervision of the Licensed Practical Nurse or Registered Nurse. Schedule: VFT Nights 3x12s Need to have open availablity 🌟 Why Orlando Health Is Your Best Place to Work🌟 At Orlando Health, we care about you as much as you care about your patients. As a team member, you’ll enjoy comprehensive benefits from day one: Health & Wellness Multiple medical, prescription, dental, and vision plans Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) and Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) On-site pharmacy and discounted health services Wellness incentives—earn up to $500/year Financial Security Competitive 401(k) plan with up to 5% employer match Group life, short‑term, and long‑term disability insurance at no cost Time Away & Family Support Nearly five weeks of PTO—including vacation, holidays, and sick leave Four-week paid parental leave for eligible team members Family care support including fertility benefits (up to $25K), adoption assistance (up to $15K), backup child/elder/pet care, and virtual tutoring Learning & Career Growth “Preferred Education Program”: earn degrees or technical certificates with zero out‑of‑pocket costs Tuition reimbursement (up to $5,000/year) and student loan repayment ($1,200/year) Full career development resources: coaching, workshops, events, and leadership training Extra Perks Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offering confidential counseling services Access to discounts on attractions, travel, cell phones, insurance, and more ORLANDO HEALTH ORLANDO REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER Located in downtown Orlando, Orlando Health Orlando Regional Medical Center (ORMC) has served the Central Florida community for more than 100 years. With 898 acute-care and rehabilitative beds, it is among the largest acute-care facilities in the region and the only Level I Trauma Centers in Central Florida. The hospital has earned recognition from U.S. News & World Report as a “Best Hospital” in Central Florida and rated high performing in 12 adult procedures and conditions. Orlando Health ORMC holds the most Beacon Awards for Excellence in the state, awarded by the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses to units that employ evidence-based practices to improve patient and family outcomes, and is the only adult-care hospital in Orlando to achieve Magnet® Recognition, the gold standard for nursing’s contribution to quality patient care, safety, research and service excellence. Orlando Health ORMC is the flagship hospital of the Orlando Health system of care, which includes award-winning hospitals and ERs, specialty institutes, urgent care centers, primary care practices and outpatient facilities that span Florida’s east to west coasts and beyond. Collectively, our 27,000+ team members honor our over 100-year legacy by providing professional and compassionate care to the patients, families and communities we serve. Orlando Health is committed to providing you with benefits that go beyond the expected, with career-growing FREE education programs and well-being services to support you and your family through every stage of life. We begin your benefits on day one and offer flexibility wherever possible so that you can be present for your passions. “Orlando Health Is Your Best Place to Work” is not just something we say, it’s our promise to you. Responsibilities Essential Functions Assists patient with hygiene, mobility, hydration, elimination and nutritional needs. Provides routine treatments and maintains a safe, clean, neat, and organized patient environment. Maintains safety and security of patients, families, self, and other members of the healthcare team. Assures patient privacy, rights, and confidentiality. Follows standard precautions, always washes hands between patients. Assists with admission, transfer, and discharge of patients. Takes and records temperature, blood pressure, pulse, respiratory rates, food and fluid intake and output as directed. Obtains data and accurately documents pertinent patient information according to Orlando Health specific policies and guidelines. Recognizes and communicates appropriate information and safety concerns regarding the patient’s condition to the RN and or other members of the healthcare team. Participates in handoff report and purposeful hourly rounding of patients. Provides exceptional service and or care to all patients, families, customers and team members. Demonstrates competency in specific tasks and skills as defined by Orlando Health and unit specific competencies. Maintains a clean, neat, safe and organized nursing unit. Receives and processes incoming phone calls, patient call lights and guest requests. Transports and delivers items, equipment, blood products, and medications (excluding controlled substances and IV chemotherapy drugs) throughout the facility. May have limited access to areas storing medications. Maintains reasonably regular, punctual attendance consistent with Orlando Health policies, the ADA, FMLA and other federal, state and local standards. Maintains compliance with all Orlando Health policies and procedures. Other Related Functions Enthusiastically supports and participates in planned changes. Participates in nursing Performance Improvement activities as assigned. Demonstrates awareness of legal issues, patient rights and compliance with the standards of regulatory and accrediting agencies. Consistently utilizes time and resources effectively and efficiently. Receives and processes incoming calls, patient calls and guest requests. Attends hospital, unit staff meetings and in-services according to policy. Completes all mandatory training. Demonstrates the knowledge and skills necessary to provide appropriate care based on principles of growth and development over the life span. Possess the ability to assess data reflective of the patient’s status and interpret the appropriate information needed to identify each patient’s requirements relative to his or her age-specific needs Qualifications Education/Training High school graduate or equivalent One (1) year of nursing assistant work experience the past five years substituted the below trainings Nursing Assistant or Patient Care Assistant Program; or State of Florida Certified Nursing Assistant certification; or State of Florida Licensed Practical Nurse; or Graduate of an approved school of nursing; or Medical Corpsman, Emergency Medical Technician or Paramedic; or Medical personnel licensed outside the United States Licensure/Certification Licensure/Certification Maintains current BLS/HealthCare Provider certification. Experience One (1) year of experience within the past five years in a relevant healthcare setting. No experience required for graduates of an approved school of nursing, or other trainings listed in training requirements.