Position Summary Orlando Health is hiring MRI Tech's across the system! MRI Techs provide quality patient care when performing diagnostic imaging and related procedures to menonstrate anatomy for interpretation and/or intervention while adhering to radiation safety principles. Apply today and let us personally match you with the position that matches your goals, values, and needs. With over 10 hospitals to choose from between the west and east coast of Florida and a variety of schedules to fit your needs, allow us to personally match you to the location and team that best aligns with your experience, values, and goals. We also have a multiple institutes and practices for any interest or speciality you may be interested in. With benefits that begin day 1, we look forward to the opportunity to support you at any stage of life, including: Student loan repayment Tuition reimbursement Family care support, including backup elder care, backup child care, and pet care And more! Learn about the benefits we offer here Orlando Health is a private, not-for-profit healthcare organization that has been passionate about delivering expert care to diverse communities for over a century. With physicians in more than 100 specialties, award-winning hospitals, stand-alone emergency departments, urgent care locations and more, the healthcare system attracts patients from across the state, region and nation. Learn more about Orlando Health. Responsibilities Essential Functions • Performs diagnostic imaging and related procedures to demonstrate anatomy and/or physiology for interpretation and/or intervention. • Exercises professional judgment in performance of services and maintains a demeanor complimentary to quality care. • Delivers appropriate care while recognizing patient conditions and ensuring successful completion of procedures. • Complies with all state and federalregulations applicable to each modality. • Adheresto Orlando Health mission statements and strategic imperatives. • Assessesthe patient’s physical condition and age specific needs. • Provides instructions that achieve patient cooperation and desired results. • Performs proper patient identification, acquires patient’s clinical history, and assures that the information is accurately documented. • Positions patient, equipment, associated devices, and manipulatestechnical factorsto achieve high quality images for interpretation. • Assesses diagnostic imagesfor technical quality, proper annotation, and patientidentification, ensuring that all relative anatomy is demonstrated. • Applies principles of MRI safety to patients, self, and others. • Comprehends and complies withQuality Controlstandards and participatesin all Quality Control tasks. • Demonstrates proficiency in contrast medication administration with and without use of powerinjectors. • Performs venipuncture and evaluatesIV accessfor the purpose of contrast administration as prescribed by a licensed practitioner. • Administers medical aid asrequired in cases of adverse reactionsto contrastmedication and/or other emergencies. • Applies appropriate standard precautions and personal protective equipment to prevent cross-contamination of contagious diseases. • Assistsin supervision ofstudent technologists and training of new technologists. • Utilizes all Corporate Radiology computer systems effectively and accurately. • Ensuressafety of all customers. • Maintainsreasonably regular, punctual attendance consistent with Orlando Health policies, the ADA, FMLA and other federal, state and local standards. • Maintains compliance with all Orlando Health policies, department guidelines, and education requirements. Qualifications Education/Training • Graduate of accredited school of Radiologic Technology or; • Graduate of accredited school of Sonography or; • Graduate of an accredited school of Nuclear Medicine or; • Graduate of an approved MRI technologist program through American Registry of Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technologists (ARMRIT) Licensure/Certification • Valid American Registry of Radiologic Technologists(ARRT) certification or; • Valid American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) certification or; • Valid Nuclear Medicine Technology Certification Board (NMTCB) certification or; • Valid American Registry of Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technologists (ARMRIT) certification • Maintains current BLS/Healthcare Provider certification. Experience All experience levels encouraged to apply