Position Purpose

This position is responsible for providing continuity of Intensive Care Unit business operations, support functions, and direct patient care functions under the supervision of one the following: Unit Manager, Medical Director, Physician, and in collaboration with the Registered Nurse. This position is responsible perform various technical procedures provide or assist in activities of daily living, as well as emotional support to Pediatric, Adolescent, Adult and Geriatric patients. This position is responsible for accurately obtaining and documenting adult and pediatric vital signs, transporting of equipment/patients, patient mobilization, activities of daily living, observing patients on safety precautions, clerical responsibilities, assisting care team members with various patient care tasks, ordering and stocking of supplies.

Nature and Scope

Within the scope established by Renown Health this position provides patient care related tasks in the intensive care units to include personal hygiene, mobility, safety and comfort, and assistance with activities of daily living, and various direct patient care skills to Pediatric, Adolescent, Adult and Geriatric patients as directed by the Unit Manager, Medical Director, Physician, and in collaboration with the Registered Nurse. The incumbent must be knowledgeable of the uses of equipment specific to the area of employment. This position is responsible to demonstrate proficiency in body mechanics, fire safety, infection control, patient safety, quality outcomes, CPR and safe handling of hazardous materials.

The incumbent assists in procedures to facilitate the proper documentation of the patient care from pre-admission to discharge. Patient Care will include (with training and/or validated competency): focused physical assessments with documentation, BLS, ACLS, PALS, performs phlebotomy, inserts peripheral IV access, medication administration, and any skills within established competencies and scope of practice as approved by Renown Health.

The incumbent must demonstrate the knowledge and skills within established competencies and scope of practice as approved by Renown Health necessary to provide care based on physical, motor/sensor, psychosocial, and safety appropriate to the pediatric, adolescent, adult and geriatric patient population served and meet standards of quality as measured by the unit/department age specific competency standards.

This position is challenged to maintain accuracy, communicate effectively with different types of people, function effectively under stress, identify and maintain priorities while responding simultaneously to requests from various groups, remain courteous and tactful at all times, and promote optimal patient experience and outcomes.

Additionally, this position must assure proper decontamination of equipment and supplies in accordance with Renown Health policies.

This position does provide patient care

Disclaimer

The foregoing description is not intended and should not be construed to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, skills and efforts or work conditions associated with the job. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the general nature and level of the job.

Minimum Qualifications

Requirements - Required and/or Preferred

Name

Description

Education:

Must have working-level knowledge of the English language, including reading, writing, and speaking English. Medical terminology is preferred.

Experience:

Six months Paramedic experience preferred

License(s):

Ability to obtain and maintain a valid State of Nevada and Nationally Registered Paramedic licensure through the National Registry of EMT is required upon hire. National Registered EMT Paramedic Certification must be in active status within in 90 days of hire.

Certification(s):

Obtain and maintain BLS certification by the American Heart Association (AHA) standards required.

Obtain and maintain ACLS certification by the AHA within 6 months.

Obtain and maintain PALS certification by the AHA within 6 months.

Obtain and maintain ITLS certification within 6 months.

Completion of EKG monitor class within 6 months of hire.

Computer / Typing:

Must possess, or be able to obtain within 90 days, the computers skills necessary to complete online learning requirements for job-specific competencies, access online forms and policies, complete online benefits enrollment, etc.

Schedule: Night shift · 6:30pm-7:00am