It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

Department:
Physical Therapy

Works under the supervision of Occupational Therapy Supervisor and Director of Rehabilitation Services. Provides Occupational Therapy interventions to patients per referral, including assessment, care, planning, educating patients and families regarding treatment plans, progress and prognosis, scheduling, recording treatment information, and issuing appropriate adaptive equipment. Should be able to demonstrate the knowledge and skills necessary to provide care appropriate to the age of the patients served on his/her unit. Performs other duties as assigned.

Assesses patients, plans and administers Care Plan compatible with physician, patient and family goals.

Provides high quality and safe patient care.

Completes all necessary documentation related to patient treatment.

Assists in efficient and effective return of patient to the highest degree of independence possible.

Maintains a cost-effective treatment plan.

Assists in orientation of new employees and volunteers.

Instructs and evaluates performance of therapy students and therapy assistant students during clinical affiliations.

Regularly assumes duties of Charge Therapist.

Provides the highest degree of courtesy possible to all employees, patients and associates of the hospital.

Adheres to establish Hospital safety standards.

Ensures that department objectives are met.

Demonstrates the knowledge and skills necessary to provide care appropriate to the age of the patients served on his/her unit. Administers to children, an Occupation Therapy Care Plan compatible with physician, patient and family goals, including assessment and intervention in the areas of fine motor skills, self-help skills, development, durable medical equipment, and other areas specific to occupational therapy. Coordinates with a CCS Case Manager for referral to a CCS panel provider or CCS Medical Therapy Unit for the patient who may continue to require occupational therapy services after hospital discharge.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Education: California Occupational Therapy License or eligibility.

Licensure: California Occupational Therapy license or eligibility. Current BLS/Healthcare Provider status as per American Heart Association standards.

Experience: None.

The hourly rate for this position is $62.14 - $68.83. The range displayed on this job posting reflects the target for new hire salaries for this position.

Job Specifications:
● Union: NUHW

● Work Shift: Variable

● FTE: 0.0

● Scheduled Hours: 0

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!