Responsibilities Central Florida Behavioral Hospital is a 174-bed, private psychiatric center located in Orlando, FL. The hospital provides 24-hour emergency services. Central Florida Behavioral Hospital offers a full continuum of care including inpatient treatment services for children, adolescents and adults; and partial hospitalization, intensive out-patient and ECT services for adults. Our treatment philosophy is based on a team approach that treats patients with dignity and respect, while delivering high-quality care. Website: www.centralfloridabehavioral.com Click here for a Virtual Facility Tour Position Summary The Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) provides basic medical care, including changing bandages, administering medication, and collecting specimens. Administers nursing care under the supervision of a registered nurse or other medical supervisor. Being a Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) monitors and reports changes in patient's condition to supervisor. Ensures the health, comfort and safety of patients. Job Duties/Respnsibilities Use psychotherapeutic interventions to assist patients in regaining or improving their previous coping abilities and to prevent further disability. Uses the activities of daily living in a goal directed way to foster adequate self-care and physical and mental well being of patients. Provides, structures, and maintains a therapeutic environment in collaboration with the patient and other healthcare providers. Consistently demonstrates clinical competence in nursing procedure and patient care based on established theory and policy and procedure manual and maintains quality assurance standards for patient care. Benefit Highlights Challenging and rewarding work environment Competitive Compensation & Generous Paid Time Off Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plans 401(K) with company match and discounted stock plan SoFi Student Loan Refinancing Program Tuition savings to continue your nursing education with Chamberlain University Career development opportunities within UHS and its 300+ Subsidiaries! Pet Insurance More information is available on our Benefits Guest Website: benefits.uhsguest.com About Universal Health Services Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) is one of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services. Since our founding in 1979, UHS has grown steadily into a premier Fortune 500® corporation perennially recognized by multiple esteemed national rating entities. Through its subsidiaries, UHS operates inpatient acute care facilities, inpatient behavioral health facilities, outpatient and other facilities, nationwide virtual behavioral health services, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services with physical locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Ireland and United Kingdom. www.uhs.com. From Fortune, ©2025, 2026 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Qualifications Ability to pass a Level 2 Background Investigation. Please visit the following link for more information: https://info.flclearinghouse.com Prefer one (1) year experience as a Practical Nurse. Prefer six (6) months in psychiatric nursing. Currently licensed as a Practical Nurse (LPN) in the State of Florida required. Current CPR Certification required. Knowledge of current nursing procedures, the nursing process, medications and their correct administration. Hours: Day Shift: 7 AM - 7:30 PM (Rotating Weekends Required) Must be available to attend the full hospital and departmental orientations EEO Statement All UHS subsidiaries are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates. UHS subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and as such, openly support and fully commit to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion and compensation of individuals without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), genetic information, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Avoid and Report Recruitment Scams We are aware of a scam whereby imposters are posing as Recruiters from UHS, and our subsidiary hospitals and facilities. Beware of anyone requesting financial or personal information. At UHS and all our subsidiaries, our Human Resources departments and recruiters are here to help prospective candidates by matching skill set and experience with the best possible career path at UHS and our subsidiaries. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (e.g., Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. Our recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Hotmail, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. If you suspect a fraudulent job posting or job-related email mentioning UHS or its subsidiaries, we encourage you to report such concerns to appropriate law enforcement. We encourage you to refer to legitimate UHS and UHS subsidiary career websites to verify job opportunities and not rely on unsolicited calls from recruiters.