Our promise to you:

Joining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. It’s about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.

All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:

Benefits from Day One: Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance

Paid Time Off from Day One

403-B Retirement Plan

4 Weeks 100% Paid Parental Leave

Career Development

Whole Person Well-being Resources

Mental Health Resources and Support

Pet Benefits

Schedule:
Full time

Shift:
Day (United States of America)

Address:
601 E ALTAMONTE DR

City:
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS

State:
Florida

Postal Code:
32701

Job Description:

What Sets AdventHealth Home Health apart from the rest?

Up to a $2,500 Sign on Bonus Available

Mileage reimbursement provided: $0.76 per mile

Flexible scheduling with Full Time, Part Time and PRN available

Company provided phone and laptop/iPad

Locations available all across Florida! Apply today to learn more about the opportunities nearest you!

Maintains open communication with the case manager, primary therapist, and other healthcare professionals to facilitate interdisciplinary continuity of care and appropriate discharge planning.

Maintains productivity standards as defined by the department and adjusts work hours to meet the needs of patients.

Participates in departmental meetings, education sessions, and performance improvement initiatives to maintain clinical competencies and adhere to professional and evidence-based practices.

Monitors patient response to treatment and communicates with the Physical Therapist for necessary adjustments.

Educates patients, family members, and caregivers on identified needs, ensuring understanding. Implements treatment plans established by an Physical Therapist utilizing recommended techniques, adhering to insurance guidelines and patient needs.

Documents interventions and patient progress accurately, completely, and timely, using measurable and objective terminology in line with standards of practice, insurance guidelines, and department/hospital policies and procedures.

Other duties as assigned.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Entry level competency of Physical therapy practice, theory, principle, and applications as defined in competency department policies. [Required]

Basic computer skills and knowledge of Microsoft Office. [Required]

Must be able to read, write, and speak conversational English. [Required]

Education:

Associate [Required]

Field of Study:

Physical Therapy Assistant

Work Experience:

1+ home health experience [Preferred]

Licenses and Certifications:

Physical Therapy Assistant (PTA) [Required]

Basic Life Support - CPR Cert (BLS) [Required]

Driver's License (DL) [Required]

Auto Insurance (AL)[Required]

Physical Requirements: (Please click the link below to view work requirements)

Physical Requirements - https://tinyurl.com/2vvwrzem

Pay Range:

$23.10 - $62.90

Background Screening Requirement (Florida Law)

Certain positions are subject to Florida Level 2 background screening , including fingerprinting, as required by state law.

Applicants may review general information about Florida’s background screening requirements at the Florida Care Provider Background Screening Clearinghouse :
https://info.flclearinghouse.com/

This facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances.