Our promise to you:

Joining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. It’s about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.

All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:

Benefits from Day One: Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance

Paid Time Off from Day One

403-B Retirement Plan

4 Weeks 100% Paid Parental Leave

Career Development

Whole Person Well-being Resources

Mental Health Resources and Support

Pet Benefits

Schedule:
Part time

Shift:
Day (United States of America)

Address:
2274 Alder Ave

City:
Middleton

State:
Florida

Postal Code:
34762

Job Description:

Schedule: Part- Time

Shift : Monday – Friday, 8:30am – 5pm

Location: Covering the Villages, Lady Lake, Summerfield and Fruitland Park.

Oversees the care provided by therapy aides, according to established regulations and practice standards. Maintains productivity standards as defined by the department, through effective time management and clinical efficiency and adjusts work hours to meet the needs of the patients as required. Practices principles of professional development and performance improvements by maintaining clinical knowledge, using best and or evidence-based practices, and serving as a Clinical instructor. Adjusts and adapts to changes in patient census by altering working hours and assisting in other centers/programs as needed. Practices principles of employee and patient safety in daily job activities. Supports consumer marketing and public awareness through participation in community events, educational lectures, and other extensions of clinical expertise to the community. Performs evaluations and re-evaluations using recommended techniques and standards. Establishes, implements, and adapts individualized treatment plans, including goal setting, treatment activities, and frequency. Discharges patients when maximum benefit is achieved or according to standards of practice and payer guidelines. Documents accurately, completely, and timely using measurable and objective terminology. Charges patients accurately, timely, and legibly according to CPT code format and insurance guidelines. Utilizes knowledge of growth and development to evaluate age-appropriate behavior, motor skills, and physiological norms, modifying approach and communication skills as needed. Identifies the need for patient/caregiver education and utilizes opportunities for teaching, documenting education appropriately. Participates in practice changes resulting from performance improvement activities and supports departmental quality standards and initiatives. Other duties as assigned.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Basic computer skills and proficiency with Microsoft Office, Outlook, Windows, and electronic medical records (EMR) systems.

Ability to read, write, and speak conversational English effectively.

Ability to communicate effectively in written, verbal, and electronic formats

Education:

Master's [Required]

Field of Study:

in Speech/Language Pathology Required

Licenses and Certifications:

Basic Life Support - CPR Cert (BLS) [Required]

Speech Language Pathologist (SLP) [Required] OR

Speech-Language Pathologist - Provisional (SLP-PROV) [Required] OR

Speech-Language Pathologist - Temporary (SLP-TEMP) [Required]

Physical Requirements: (Please click the link below to view work requirements)
Physical Requirements - https://tinyurl.com/2vvwrzem

Pay Range:

$31.86 - $59.27

Background Screening Requirement (Florida Law)

Certain positions are subject to Florida Level 2 background screening , including fingerprinting, as required by state law.

Applicants may review general information about Florida’s background screening requirements at the Florida Care Provider Background Screening Clearinghouse :
https://info.flclearinghouse.com/

This facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances.