Responsibilities One of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services, Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Growing steadily since its inception into an esteemed Fortune 500® corporation, annual revenues during 2025 were $17.4 billion. In 2026, UHS was again recognized as one of Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies™ and in 2025, was listed in Forbes ranking of America’s Largest Public Companies. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has approximately 101,500 employees and continues to grow through its subsidiaries. Operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities, outpatient facilities and ambulatory care access points, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services located in 40 U.S. states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom. For additional information visit www.uhs.com. The Associate Customer Service Center Coordinator supports the implementation of UHS applications. Meets deadlines and ensures continued progress toward assignment completion. Shares experience with other members of team. Receives, evaluates and assigns or otherwise addresses Acute Care hospital and Corporate user requests for assistance regarding problems related to IS systems in accordance with department problem resolution and escalation protocols. Shift: 3:00pm-11:00pm Wednesday-Sunday Key Responsibilities include: Researches and resolves Customer Support Center Tickets under the guidance of senior team members. Gathers all necessary information via on-line request form, telephone calls, facsimile, e-mail or in person. Escalates and communicates the problem to the appropriate IS staff. Documents the impact of the problem. Assigns a priority level and resolution target time. Adheres to UHS Service Level and Change Management Policies. Establishes and maintains regular communications with Acute Care, BH and Corporate users regarding the description and disposition of user requests for assistance, requiring normal business courtesy and decorum, telephone etiquette, and the ability to ascertain the exact nature of the problem. May contact Vendor personnel regarding system issues and escalating problems related to their applications. Working knowledge of report generator applications, Email, Windows Operating systems and Microsoft applications such as Word, Excel, etc. Supports the implementations of applications and assists by working in the facility Command Center or UHS Corporate to help process issues. Qualifications Position Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent required One or more years of Help Desk\ Information Systems knowledge is preferred. Basic knowledge of support methods, practices and hardware. Basic Windows operating system ability. Knowledge of problem resolution and escalation protocols. Must have general working knowledge of 1st level PC support issues to affectively troubleshoot and assist. Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills sufficient to inquire, ascertain and communicate the exact nature of the problem or request for assistance. Basic knowledge of IS standards and quality management methods. This opportunity provides the following: Challenging and rewarding work environment Growth and development opportunities within UHS and its subsidiaries Competitive Compensation Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plan 401k plan with company match Generous Paid Time Off *UHS is a registered trademark of UHS of Delaware, Inc., the management company for Universal Health Services, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Health Services, Inc. Universal Health Services, Inc. is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries including its management company, UHS of Delaware, Inc. All healthcare and management operations are conducted by subsidiaries of Universal Health Services, Inc. To the extent any reference to "UHS or UHS facilities" on this website including any statements, articles or other publications contained herein relates to our healthcare or management operations it is referring to Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Further, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "the company" in such context similarly refer to the operations of Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Any employment referenced in this website is not with Universal Health Services, Inc. but solely with one of its subsidiaries including but not limited to UHS of Delaware, Inc. UHS is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at UHS via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of UHS. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by UHS as a result of the referral or through other means. EEO Statement All UHS subsidiaries are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates. UHS subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and as such, openly support and fully commit to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion and compensation of individuals without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), genetic information, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success. Notice At UHS and all our subsidiaries, our Human Resources departments and recruiters are here to help prospective candidates by matching skillset and experience with the best possible career path at UHS and our subsidiaries. We take pride in creating a highly efficient and best in class candidate experience. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Hotmail, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. If you are suspicious of a job posting or job-related email mentioning UHS or its subsidiaries, let us know by contacting us at: https://uhs.alertline.com or 1-800-852-3449.