Responsibilities Forest View Hospital, located just seven miles southeast of downtown Grand Rapids, Michigan, is a private 108 bed psychiatric facility that serves children, adolescents and adults. We are licensed by the State of Michigan, fully accredited by The Joint Commission and we bring more than 45 years of experience to the evaluation, diagnosis and treatment of a wide range of behavioral health problems. As a part of our continued success and growth, we are seeking qualified applicants for a Licensed Practical Nurse LPN position. Visit us online at: https://forestviewhospital.com/ The LPN plays a critical role in the treatment of our patients, providing medication delivery/education, observation/safety rounds and general patient engagement. This position actively supports, promotes and works to fulfill the Mission, Vision and Values of Forest View Hospital using our Service Excellence program. Full Time Day or Night shift (12 Hour Shifts) - $7,500 sign on bonus Key Job Duties and Responsibilities: Provides direct patient care according to nursing care plans and the patient’s treatment plan. Provides for the administration of medications and treatments according to policies and procedures. Participates with other personnel in maintaining a safe and therapeutic milieu. Assists with behavior management, crisis control, seclusion and restraint, under the direction of the registered nurse. Assists RN with patient admissions and discharges. Benefits Highlights: Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plans 401(K) with company match and discounted stock plan Paid Time Off (PTO) biweekly accrual of 6.46 Hours Student Loan Repayment of up to $200 gross per month Basic Life Insurance of 1x your salary Short-Term Disability (STD) and Long-Term Disability (LTD) Student Loan Refinancing Program Pet Insurance Tuition Reimbursement For more information on our benefits and programs please see www.forestviewhospital.com/nurse Qualifications Licensed Practical Nurse LPN Job Requirements: Licensed Practical Nurse LPN, licensed in the State of Michigan required. Previous psychiatric experience preferred. One of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services, Universal Health Services, Inc. has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Growing steadily since its inception into an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, annual revenues were $11.6 billion in 2020. In 2021, UHS was again recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; in 2020, ranked #281 on the Fortune 500; and listed #330 in Forbes ranking of U.S.’ Largest Public Companies. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has 89,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates 26 acute care hospitals, 334 behavioral health facilities, 39 outpatient facilities and ambulatory care access points, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services located in 38 U.S. states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom. EEO Statement Forest View Hospital is committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates. Forest View Hospital is an equal opportunity employers and as such, openly support and fully commit to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion and compensation of individuals without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), genetic information, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success. Notice At Forest View Hospital, our Human Resources department is here to help prospective candidates by matching skillset and experience with the best possible career path. We take pride in creating a highly efficient and best in class candidate experience. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Hotmail, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. If you are suspicious of a job posting or job-related email mentioning Forest View Hospital, UHS or its subsidiaries, let us know by contacting us at: https://uhs.alertline.com or 1-800-852-3449.