Schedule: Part time

Overview:

IU Health is looking for team members who are passionate about challenging and significant work for the good of every patient. We are searching for individuals who are compassionate, serve with a purpose, are dedicated to supporting their team, and who seek excellence every day.

Location: Tipton Hospital in Tipton, IN.

Shift: This position is PRN Day shift.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Come join our team! IU Health Tipton Hospital is a 25-bed critical access hospital with a robust therapy team offering a variety of specialized and generalized occupational therapy interventions. For this role, prior outpatient experience and familiarity with custom-molded splint fabrication is preferred.

This PRN position serves to support the team during times of high census and through planned and unplanned absences. This position provides inpatient and outpatient occupational therapy services for the treatment of physical and psychological dysfunctions. Provides direct patient care using a variety of sensorimotor, functional, educational, recreational, and social activities designed to help patients regain physical or mental functioning. Appropriately supervises occupational therapy assistants, support personnel and students. Willingly participates in related activities in support of patient care, education and department operations.

Preferred Skills

Strong attention to detail

Great bedside manners

Adaptable to fast paced settings

As the most comprehensive medical system in Indiana, IU Health offers many different career opportunities as you grow professionally. IU Health also offers a substantial benefits package, PTO Program, 401k match, and several other programs to meet your needs. These are just a few reasons why applying for your career with IU Health is a good choice.

• Requires graduation from an accredited academic program in occupational therapy, or if foreign trained, graduation from an occupational therapy education program outside the US with educationally equivalent coursework accepted by Indiana PLA. Current certification by the National Board for Certification in Occupational Therapy (NBCOT) is preferred. Requires current license in the State of Indiana. Requires Basic Life Support certification through the AHA. Advanced life support certifications may be required per unit/department specialty according to patient care policies.