Job Details: Job Location: Lake Travis - Austin, TX, Salary Range: Undisclosed, Summary: The inpatient registered nurse provides direct patient care primarily to individuals struggling with substance abuse and addiction. They assist physicians in developing treatment plans, perform patient assessments, monitor a patient's progress, and administer medications and pain management services. 
Essential Functions: 
A: Job Specific 
Provides bedside care for various medical patients, including those struggling with substance abuse or eating disorders and post-surgical patients. 
Assist physicians in developing treatment plans, perform patient assessments, monitor a patient's progress and administer medications and pain management services. 
Consults and coordinates with health care team members to assess, plan, implement and evaluate patient care plans. 
Prepares and administers (orally, subcutaneously, through an IV) and records prescribed medications. Reports adverse reactions to medications or treatments in accordance with the policy regarding the administration of medications by a licensed registered nurse. 
Provides mental health and emotional support services. 
Conducts mental health screenings and provides emotional support for patients and their families during treatment. 
Initiates patient education plan, as prescribed by physician. Teaches patients and significant others how to manage their illness/injury, by explaining: post-treatment home care needs. 
Educates patients and their loved ones about the dangers of substance abuse and provides resources and information about the various treatment options for addiction. 
Recognizing symptoms and identifying the type of substance abuse 
Managing symptoms such as DTs, seizures, rapid heart rates, etc. 
Utilizing standards for assessing withdrawal symptoms, such as the CIWA protocol 
Monitor for behavioral changes. 
Assess and manage the use of restraints when appropriate. 
Participates in discharge planning. 
Utilizes time management skills. 
Records all care information concisely, accurately, and completely, in a timely manner, in the appropriate format and on the appropriate forms. 
Performs other position-related duties as assigned, depending on assignment setting. 
Adheres to current company policies on best treatment modalities and maintains up- to-date knowledge of progressive pharmacological and non-pharmacological drug and alcohol recovery interventions. 
. 
B: Company Specific 
Adheres to dress code, appearance is neat and clean and wears appropriate identification while on duty. 
Completes annual health, safety, and education requirements. Maintains professional growth and development. 
Maintains confidentiality of all patients and/or employee information to assure patient and/or employee rights are protected. 
Demonstrates knowledge of the principles of growth and development over the life span and the skills necessary to provide age-appropriate care to the patient population served. 
Reports to work on time as scheduled; adheres to policies regarding notification of absence. 
Attends all mandatory in-services and staff meetings. 
Represents the organization in a positive and professional manner. 
Complies with all organizational policies regarding ethical business practices. 
Communicates the mission, ethics, and goals of the hospital and the department's focus statement. 
Maintains current licensure/certification for position, if applicable. 
Consistently demonstrates Guest Relation’s skills to patients, physicians, visitors, employees, and any other individuals with whom they may come in contact. 
Consistently follows departmental and hospital Health, Safety, Security, Hazardous Materials policies and procedures. 
HIPAA: Conduct job responsibilities in accordance with HIPAA privacy laws, follow hospital policy in provision of patient confidentiality. Able to identify patient confidentiality issues and reports to proper hospital personnel immediately. 
Compliance: Conducts job responsibilities according to standards in FHMC Code of Conduct, FHMC policy and procedures, applicable federal and state laws, and applicable standards. 
Employee must maintain a courteous and respectful attitude toward fellow employees, staff, contractors, vendors and the public at all times. Employee must avoid loud, profane, or unprofessional language at all times during the performance of duties. It is immediate grounds for termination if Employee engages in misconduct or is incompetent or negligent 
in the proper performance of duties or is disorderly, dishonest, intoxicated, or discourteous. 
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: 
Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Qualifications: Qualifications: 
Education: Bachelor or Associates of Science in Nursing preferred. Additional state requirements as applicable. Graduate of an accredited nursing program. 
Licenses/Certification: Registered Nurse in the State. Current BLS. 
Experience: 2-year substance abuse/detox experience in a hospital/outpatient setting or equivalent experience. Current nursing license, in good standing with the State licensing board.
qualifications: Qualifications: 
Education: Bachelor or Associates of Science in Nursing preferred. Additional state requirements as applicable. Graduate of an accredited nursing program. 
Licenses/Certification: Registered Nurse in the State. Current BLS. 
Experience: 2-year substance abuse/detox experience in a hospital/outpatient setting or equivalent experience. Current nursing license, in good standing with the State licensing board.