As the nation’s largest private employer of Registered Nurses, we’re honored by the trust of over 100,000 nurses and committed to supporting safe, high-quality care for which they can practice. That’s why more than 80% of our hospitals earn an A or B Leapfrog safety grade, rank in the top 5% nationally for patient outcomes through Health Grades , or are recognized as Magnet or Pathway to Excellence facilities. Join us!

Job Summary and Qualifications

As a Registered Nurse, you will be responsible for delivering high-quality, patient-centered care in line with the requirements of the department and the standards of practice for the relevant state and specialty. Collaborating with medical providers and the care team, you will provide personalized, comprehensive, and compassionate care, following established nursing models such as "Assess, Perform, Teach, and Manage." You will also act as an advocate for patients, families, and caregivers, embodying the organizations vision, mission, and values to ensure an outstanding patient experience and positive clinical outcomes.

What you will do in this role:

Assess the patients condition during admission and each scheduled shift, promptly identifying and reporting any changes in patient status.

Perform procedures, monitoring, or other functions as ordered by the medical provider(s), and ensure thorough and timely documentation of care administration in the patients medical record. - Administer prescribed medications, monitor the patient for therapeutic response, and take appropriate action in the event of an unintended response to the medication.

Provide exceptional care by responding promptly to patient requests, proactively anticipating patient needs, and resolving them.

Educate patients, families, and caregivers about the patients medical condition, treatment plan, medications, possible side effects, and follow-up measures, ensuring complete understanding by translating complex medical terminology.

What qualifications you will need:

Basic Cardiac Life Support must be obtained within 30 days of employment start date

1 year as a (RN) Registered Nurse

Registered Nurse Diploma

No Travel Required

HCA Florida North Florida Hospital, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include:

Comprehensive benefits for medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, behavioral health and telemedicine services

Wellbeing support, including free counseling and referral services

Time away from work programs for paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence

Savings and retirement resources , including a 401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service), Employee Stock Purchase Plan, flexible spending accounts, preferred banking partnerships, retirement readiness tools, rollover support and financial wellbeing counseling

Education support through tuition assistance, student loan assistance, certification support, dependent scholarships and a partnership with Galen College of Nursing

Additional benefits for fertility and family building, adoption assistance, life insurance, supplemental health protection plans, auto and home insurance, legal counseling, identity theft protection and consumer discounts

Learn more about Employee Benefits

Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location.

"There is so much good to do in the world and so many different ways to do it." - Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder

HCA Florida North Florida Hospital is a 523-bed, full-service medical and surgical acute care center. For over 49 years, we have served North Central Florida. We offer comprehensive cardiovascular care, oncology, orthopedics, and neurosciences. We offer minimally-invasive laparoscopic and robotic surgery, weight loss surgery and treatment. Other services that we provide include women’s health and wound therapy. We are fully accredited by the Joint Commission and certified as a Comprehensive Stroke Center. Our hospital has an Accredited Chest Pain Center by ACC (American College of Cardiology) and is designated as a Blue Distinction Center for Spine Surgery and Bariatric Surgery. We are committed to patient safety and quality of care. We have received the highest scores available in recognition of this commitment.

HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated 3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.

Be a part of an organization that leverages our size to make a real impact in our industry! Our Talent Acquisition team is reviewing applications for our Registered Nurse Med Surg Neuro Nights opening. Submit your application today and help advance the practice of nursing.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.