Welcome! We’re excited you’re considering an opportunity with us! To apply to this position and be considered, click the Apply button located above this message and complete the application in full. Below, you’ll find other important information about this position. 
This position has the authority, responsibility, and shift accountability for the delivery of nursing care through the use of the nursing process. The incumbent accepts accountability, applies competent clinical knowledge skills, and uses independent nursing judgment for care provided by self and by health care providers to whom care is delegated to achieve quality patient care outcomes. Performs the duties and responsibilities within the scope of a Registered Nurse (RN) - Level I & II, as defined within the job description.
The incumbent must demonstrate the knowledge and skills at the competent level necessary to provide care that is relevant to the patient(s) under their care, as well as apply principles of growth and development over the life span. The incumbent also must possess the ability to assess and interpret patient data needed to identify each patient's requirements relative to his or her age-specific needs. This role provides professional nursing care for patients in an inpatient hospital setting. 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : 
 EDUCATION, CERTIFICATION, AND/OR LICENSURE: 
 1. Current Registered Nurse license issued by the state in which services will be provided or current multi-state Registered Nurse license through the enhanced Nurse Licensure Compact (eNLC).
 2. Obtain certification in Basic Life Support within 30 days of hire date.
 EXPERIENCE: 
 1. Two (2) years of registered nursing experience.
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS : 
 EDUCATION, CERTIFICATION, AND/OR LICENSURE: 
 1. Bachelors degree in Nursing (BSN) or higher. 
 CORE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The statements described here are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed by people assigned to this position. They are not intended to be constructed as an all-inclusive list of all responsibilities and duties. Other duties may be assigned. 
 1. Prioritizes patient’s diagnosis, problems, and issues, and mutual goals to meet the needs of the patient and healthcare team.
 2. Serves as resource for patient & family learning needs.
 3. Coordinates with the interprofessional team to manage changing priorities.
 4. Functions as independent team member to provide safe, quality care for consumer/patient.
 5. Mentors colleagues in the acquisition of clinical knowledge, skills, abilities, and judgement.
 6. Participates in the development and continuous improvement of systems that support the patient care planning process.
 7. Leads interprofessional teams to collaborate and consult effectively.
 8. Designs innovations to improve outcomes.
 9. Assists other nurses to develop research skills.
 10. Participates in collaborative planning to provide safe, high-quality, patient-centered health care.
 11. Participates in the development, implementation, and review of and adherence to policies that promote patient health and safety.
 12. Advocates for healthcare consumers rights to inform decision making and self-determination.
 13. Demonstrates leadership skills within the community/healthcare arena.
 14. Engages the healthcare consumer and other interprofessional team members in holistic, culturally sensitive data collection.
 15. Integrates knowledge from global and environmental factors into the assessment process.
 16. Identifies resources/actions to appropriately address cultural situations.
 17. Recognizes personal bias.
 18. Disseminates educational findings, experiences with colleagues.
 19. Achieves higher level of education/training, demonstrating commitment to lifelong learning.
 20. Identifies appropriate resources for ethical dilemmas and advances ethical nursing practice.
 21. Required competencies to include demonstration of regularly being a charge nurse and/or precepting new staff or nursing students 
 For facilities with specialty accreditation requirements: 
 1. Completion of annual required education related to specialty accreditation as defined by accreditation standards. Training may be completed through CBLs, trainings, In-services, and competency validation.
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 1. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recommends minimizing the need for employees to manually lift patients, and limit safe patient handling to 35 pounds. All transfers, lifts and re-positioning will be completed utilizing the lift equipment and/or other patient handling aids as indicated by the patient’s profile and appropriate algorithms.
 2. Heavy/Hard work : Work requires strength and/or stamina, lifting, moving, stooping, reaching, standing, walking, and carrying of materials and equipment weighing 40+lbs.
 3. Visual acuity must be within normal range.
 4. Hearing within normal range is required (i.e. to assess breath sounds, bowel sounds, apical pulse, monitors, etc.)
 WORKING ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 1. Working protracted or irregular hours.
 2. Working around biohazards.
 3. Working around infectious diseases.
 4. Working with or near the deceased.
 5. Working with hands in water.
 6. Working with electrical hazards associated with patient care equipment.
 SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 
 1. Possesses the interpersonal skills to positively and effectively communicate, negotiate, and resolve conflict.
 2. Has the motivation and drive for continuous development of self.
 3. Cooperatively interacts with the health care team to support and contribute to the shared group goals.
 4. Uses competent clinical practice and critical thinking skills to efficiently deliver patient care with all health care providers while maximizing efficient use of resources.
 5. Ability to be flexible in response to changes in work volume, staff and scheduling changes.
 6. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
 7. Ability to work successfully under highly stressful conditions and capable of adapting to varying workloads and work assignments on a constant basis.
 The CAPE program is a system-wide clinical advancement program (clinical ladder) to enhance professional development, provide a reward system for quality clinical performance, promote quality nursing, and improve job satisfaction for inpatient direct care nurses. 
 To apply for the next level, the CAPE nurse must meet the requirements of their current level. They must also meet the required years of nursing experience, degree, and certification to apply for the next level. In addition, nurses who are approved for levels 3, 4, 5, or 6 must complete and submit five competencies on an annual basis to maintain their current level. 
 Level 1 
 No experience required 
 All graduate nurses with less than 12 months of experience enter at Level one with a diploma, ADN, BSN, or higher 
 Level 2 
 Meets requirements for previous level 
 One year of experience. 
 Level 3 
 Meets requirements for previous levels 
 Two years of experience, plus one specialty certification 
 Certification is Preferred but not required 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of regularly being a charge nurse and/or precepting new staff or nursing students 
 Level 4 
 Available to those with a BSN or higher or nurses with ADN/diploma with 5 years of experience 
 one specialty certification is required 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of regularly being a charge nurse and/or precepting new staff or nursing students 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of participation in QI and/or shared governance at the unit level
 Level 5 
 Available to those with an MSN or higher with 4 years of experience, or nurses with a BSN with 4 years of experience and a health-related Master’s Degree, or nurses with a BSN and 5 years of experience 
 One specialty certification is required 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of regularly being a charge nurse and/or precepting new staff or nursing students 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of participation in QI and shared governance at the organization level
 Level 6 
 Available to those with an MSN or higher degree with 7 or more years of experience. Consideration is given to other health-related advanced degrees that would assist with direct patient care at the bedside
 One specialty certification is required
 Required competencies to include demonstration of regularly being a charge nurse and/or precepting new staff or nursing students 
 Required competencies to include demonstration of participation in QI and shared governance at the system level
 Additional Job Description: 
 Scheduled Weekly Hours: 
24 
 Shift: 
 Exempt/Non-Exempt: 
United States of America (Non-Exempt) 
 Compensation Range: 
$31.00 - $44.64 CAPE RN rates may vary based on certifications and experience from the compensation range posted.
 Company: 
GRMC Garrett Regional Medical Center 
 Cost Center: 
6504 GRMC Unregulated Skilled Nursing Facility 
 Address: 
251 N 4th Street 
Oakland 
Maryland 
 Benefit eligible employees classified as at least 0.5 eligible for: Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability Coverage, Tuition Program, Retirement, Paid Time Off, Wellness Program
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 West Virginia University Health System and its subsidiaries (collectively "WVUHS") is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. WVUHS strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex (including gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. All WVUHS employees, other workers, and representatives are prohibited from engaging in unlawful discrimination. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment.