Overview

Join our team as a day shift, full-time, Telemetry Intermediate Care Stepdown (IMC), Charge Registered Nurse in Topeka, Kansas.

Thrive in a People-First Environment and Make Healthcare Better

Thrive: We empower our team with career growth opportunities, tuition assistance, and resources that support your wellness, education, and financial well-being.

People-First: We prioritize your well-being with paid time off, comprehensive health benefits, and a supportive, inclusive culture where you are valued and cared for.

Make Healthcare Better: We use advanced technology to support our team and enhance patient care.

Get to Know Your Team:

The University of Kansas Health System St. Francis Campus, a part of a rich legacy of compassionate care since 1909, now offers 378 licensed beds, a history of innovation, and strong community support.

Responsibilities

Under the direction of the Nurse Manager, is responsible for the overall shift management and monitoring of the quality of care for his/her designated area.

The Charge RN serves as a liaison to keep the Nurse Manager and House Supervisor apprised of major occurrences and needs of the unit. Provides first level supervision, makes patient assignment every shift and provides clinical support to nursing personnel (e.g. assuming patient load, assisting with admissions/procedures, etc.) and problem identification/solving of patient care issues.

The Charge Nurse assists in mentoring of new associates, academic partners and participates in annual performance review process. Performs other duties as assigned.

The RN assesses patient/family needs, develops and priorities patient goals, evaluates care delivery, and continually revises the plan of care to meet the biological, emotional, psychosocial, spiritual, developmental, and educational needs of the patient/family.

The RN delegates care as appropriate to optimize patient outcomes.

The RN adheres to the Kansas Nurse Practice Act.

Qualifications

Job Requirements:

Associate’s degree in nursing

Current Kansas RN Licensure.

BLS certification must be obtained within 14 days of hire or transfer into the role and prior to providing direct patient care

Tele, ICU, and PCU require ACLS

Post-surgery requires oncology certification.

All required certifications must be completed within the first year of employment

Preferred Job Requirements:

At least one year of recent experience in a similar healthcare setting.

Bachelor’s degree in nursing

Familiar with Microsoft Office (Word, Outlook, Excel)