Schedule: Full time

Nemours is seeking a RN to join our Pediatrics Hospital Team in Jacksonville, FL!

The RN II provides and coordinates nursing care in partnership with the child, family and community resources that is individualized to meet the child and/or family's unique needs and situation. The RN II considers individual, cultural, ethnic, and religious values and beliefs in planning and delivering evidence-based care to individual pediatric patients while also managing disease specific populations, by providing pertinent teaching, coordination, continuity of care and consultation with appropriate community resources.

Supports: all divisions in hospital setting, daily rounding, care coordination, DME coordination, prior authorizations, medication education and follow up. Vital to ensure hospitalist are able to see more patients and provide on call coverage. Supports 19 physicians/APP's total.

Essential Functions

Responsible for the care of patients within a specific population which includes, but not limited to, phone triage, medication refills, and clinical care by division.

Utilizes the nursing process as a basis for providing and evaluating nursing care; applies knowledge of growth and development, pathophysiology, and family dynamics in delivery of care.

Develops and manages activities of division specific assigned program or specialty; makes decisions on specific clinical problems and performs in accordance with departmental policies and procedures.

Plan, develop, and implement goals and objectives of assigned program in conjunction with leadership.

Evaluates program objectives on a continual basis and implements changes as needed to meet or revise these objectives.

Plan and conduct meetings with staff to ensure compliance with established practices and keep associates abreast of current standards.

Develop appropriate training and orientation programs.

Compile and maintain records, reports, and documentation of program activities to be used for program evaluation.

Documents all aspects of nursing care delivery appropriately.

Provide leadership, staff education, and support to division nurses, physicians, and other health care professionals.

Requirements

Bachelors in Science of Nursing required or currently enrolled in BSN program with required completion within 12 months of hire date

Florida RN license or compact license includes FL; BLS certification from the American Heart Association

CPN preferred

Minimum of one year healthcare experience required, pediatric experience preferred