Schedule: Day

The Nutritional Assistant assist the Nutrition Department by processing diet orders, menus, checking tray line for accuracy and assisting with tray assembly and delivery. They rely on established guidelines and diet knowledge to accomplish tasks. Works under minimal supervision.

Essential Functions:

Review diet orders messages received and process/prepare menus for patients according to diet.

Answers telephones and relays messages for continuous departmental function.

Customer Service skill set

Assist in taking food orders based on patients' diets.

Follows HACCP guidelines as per policies and procedures.

Serves on tray line with accuracy and within diet standards.

Delivers food trays to patients and/or units following established procedures to meet JCAHO guidelines.

Performs all daily cleaning assignments.

At times may assist in other areas of dept including but not limited to MD Lounge, Cafeteria, Catering, and Production.

Other duties as assigned throughout the dept as assigned by Nutritional Services Manager and/or Director.

TECHNICAL TASKS

Demonstrate knowledge of basic principles of therapeutic diets and ability to perform simple math for diet calculations. Updates and prepares menus and diet for each meal timely and accurately and carefully checks them against the computerized diet list. Updates menus with changes, allergies, preferences, and other pertinent information.

Demonstrates the ability to tally menu production for the preparation of meals with little or no mistakes (missing items, over production, under production, etc.) Prepares the tallies accurately, neatly, and legible. Completes tallies and has diets prepared for tray line by specified deadlines. Demonstrates time management skill in completing all tasks accurately and on schedule to reflect productivity/efficiency.

Prepares and delivers nourishments/between meal feedings to 100% of those patients as indicated by the dietitians, diabetic diet orders, or patients on Antenatal unit.

Checks tray line for adequate serving temperatures, final production accuracy (with regard to food items), tray completeness, appearance, portion control, condiments, etc.

Ensures patient tray accuracy before loading into food cart for delivery.

Prepares and delivers late trays in a timely manner that adheres to HACCP standards for reheating.

Pediatric, PICU, and Antenatal patients on a standard diet are visited/called for menu selections.

Patients on diet regimens other than regular, GI Soft, and liquids require a referral to the dietitian.

Demonstrates a cost-conscious attitude toward supply use in order to use department resources more efficiently.

Maintains HACCP forms for temperatures, tray delivery, sanitation, etc.

Completes daily report with all necessary information. Temperatures, meal count, employee illness, variances, kitchen lock up and opening, etc.

Follows call-back policy to ensure that all patients have the opportunity to order and eat a meal in a timely fashion. Records and processes phone and computer messages accurately and timely. Follows through with computer / telephone messages. Communicates clearly, politely and professionally on the phone during all conversations. Assists patients by completing food preferences/tolerances and/or assist with patient education materials for the dietitian or other needs as appropriate

Uses customer service standards and JCAHO guidelines upon delivery of trays to patient rooms to assure correct distribution when needed to assist hostess. Maintains HIPAA restrictions regarding privacy and asks for 2 patient identifiers to assure correctness of delivery.

Communicates effectively with the Managers of Nutrition Services and Clinical Dietitians regarding any questions or problems in the diet office

Maintains an inventory on menus, supplements, and supplies assuring that these are always well stocked. Alerts Registered Dietitian or Managers ahead of time that items need to be ordered. Performs other tasks as directed or required in the department including but not limited to patient, production, dishroom, catering, and/or MD Lounge.

Consistently demonstrates compliance to infection control policies - demonstrates proper hand washing techniques when appropriate, uses Personal Protective Equipment, and follows guidelines for disposal of waste. Maintains established policies/procedure and quality assurance to assist in the care and maintenance of department facilities and equipment/supplies.

Ensures security of the department through key control.

CRITICAL THINKING

Demonstrates a complete understanding of all policies and procedures concerning the responsibilities of the Nutritional Assistant.

Demonstrates attention to detail and accuracy consistently, assures customer expectations are met. Takes responsibility in completion of all departmental duties scheduled during the work day without interference to the quality of work.

Continually strives to learn and help develop new, quality ways to accomplish daily tasks. Always strives to make good use of time, seeks out work which needs to be done, prioritizes and coordinates daily tasks, completes assigned duties during scheduled work shift and always uses time to departmental advantage to complete job tasks.

Consistently demonstrates the ability to assess a situation, consider alternatives and choose the appropriate course of action. Always consults with Managers of Nutrition Services in any uncertain or unusual situation regarding policies and procedures. Able to resolve issues in a timely and appropriate fashion.

INTERPERSONAL SKILLS

Regularly accepts additional work during slow periods. Open to new tasks assigned by Managers of Nutrition Services. Demonstrates willingness to help with work that needs to be done, including tasks outside of regular, daily job duties. willing to stay late to complete assigned tasks.

Seeks guidance about questionable or uncertain situations.

Supports and encourages a harmonious working relationship within the department, other disciplines, and departments. Promotes an environment for an interdisciplinary team approach to achieve the mission/goals of the hospital. Motivates staff in a positive manner.

Responds to changes in the work schedules as necessary; continually uses time to department advantage. Always reports problems with the normal workflow to the Managers of Nutrition Services.

Assists other employees as needed, assumes additional responsibilities when other employees are sick, on vacation, or not scheduled to work.

Reports to department on time and prepared to begin assigned duties.

Provides proper notification and advance notice for absence or tardiness and takes corrective action to prevent recurrences.

OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED

Consistently performs 12 organizational Service Standards focused on Values, Service and Quality.

Experience: 3 years' experience

Education: High school or equivalent

Training: Diet Knowledge, Customer Service Skills, Reading and Writing, Computer Skills E-Mail, Word Processing, Spreadsheets, and Diet Office Systems

Special Skills: Knowledge of Basic Customer Service Skills by dealing tactfully and courteously with employees, physicians, patients and visitors. Good Verbal Communication with the ability to understand and follow oral and/or written English instructions. Must be able to read, understand, and communicate in English information related to menus, use of chemicals, etc... Must possess good communications skills. Good clerical skills with attention to detail in computerized data entry of patient information, diets, room numbers and food orders. Basic nutrition knowledge to aid patients when ordering meals to achieve physician orders. Must be able to perform mathematical calculations Must possess above average organizational skills. Flexible in being able to adjust and train to changing needs. Able to use judgement to determine appropriate action when confronted with unique situations and problems. Able to work with and prioritize multiple projects. Ability to complete assignments within prescribed time limits. Ability to maintain effective working relationships with fellow employees. Some exposure to toxic/caustic chemicals, latex, hospital approved environmental cleaning products, moving mechanical parts, potential electrical shock, high pitched noises, needles and/ or other sharp objects, and communicable diseases. Need to be tolerable to extreme temperature changes from moist steam heated environment to cold refrigerator/freezer environment. Very frequent repetitive motions. Ability to stand /walking for long periods of time (5 hours or greater) frequently. Ability to sit for long periods of time (5 hours are greater at times) frequently. Ability to stoop, squat, and/or kneel sometimes. Ability to push/pull, lift, and carry from 0 to greater than 50 pounds occasionally including supplements and pans and trays of food sometimes. Ability to reach, twist trunk and neck sometimes. Require use of personal protective equipment during tasks/activities including but no limited to, back support belts, gloves, masks, and safety glasses. Runs daily operator reports accurately for each shift. Maintains daily Carbohydrate and Sodium limitations when diet requires restrictions.