Hourly Wage Estimate: 61.81 - 87.91 / hour
Learn more about the benefits offered for this job.

The estimate displayed represents the typical wage range of candidates hired. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include your specific skills, how many years of experience you have and comparison to other employees already in this role. The typical candidate is hired below midpoint of the range.

Introduction

Do you want to be appreciated daily? Our nurses are celebrated for being on the front line, empathetic for patients. At Los Robles Regional Medical Center our nurses set us apart from any other healthcare provider. We are seeking a(an) Clinical Nurse Coordinator Ortho Spine to join our healthcare family.

Benefits

Los Robles Regional Medical Center, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include:

Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as free telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation.

Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more.

Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing

401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)

Employee Stock Purchase Plan with 10% off HCA Healthcare stock

Family support through fertility and family building benefits with Progyny and adoption assistance.

Referral services for child, elder and pet care, home and auto repair, event planning and more

Consumer discounts through Abenity and Consumer Discounts

Retirement readiness, rollover assistance services and preferred banking partnerships

Education assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)

Colleague recognition program

Time Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)

Employee Health Assistance Fund that offers free employee-only coverage to full-time and part-time colleagues based on income.

Learn more about Employee Benefits

Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location.

At Los Robles Regional Medical Center, our nurses play a vital part. We know that every nurse’s path and purpose is unique. Do you want to create your own personal career path in nursing? HCA Healthcare is your career destination! Our scale makes it possible for nurses to create the career path that fits their life – for life – and empowers their passion for patient care. Apply today for our Clinical Nurse Coordinator Ortho Spine opportunity.

Job Summary and Qualifications

The Clinical Nurse Coordinator (CNC) serves as a key member of the unit based leadership team. The CNC is responsible for managing patient-centered care coordinator within the department during the designated shift. In collaboration with other members of the management team, the CNC directs, monitors, and evaluates nursing care in accordance with established policies/procedures, serves as a resource person for staff, and models a commitment to the organization’s vision/mission/values to support an unparalleled patient experience and clinical outcomes that contribute to overall departmental performance.

What you will do in this role:

Assists with admission and discharge processes to ensure efficient throughput and high quality, patient-centered care.

Participates in the ongoing assessment of the quality of patient care services provided in the unit, in collaboration with other members of the management team.

Collaborates with subject matter experts and other managers to create an environment of teamwork that supports improved outcomes and service.

Supports a patient-first philosophy and engages in service recovery when necessary.

Supports the efforts of the facility to improve engagement by operationalizing current nursing strategies, including employee rounding, hourly rounds, and other initiatives.

Provides recommendations related to interviewing, selecting, and training new staff. Recommends and implements courses of action, including training and development, conflict resolution, personnel policy compliance, completion of performance evaluations, and/or disciplinary actions to ensure a competitively better organization.

Assists with staff scheduling. Manages all practical aspects of staff labor in accordance with patient care needs and established productivity guidelines.

Supports proper inventory control and assists with managing supplies and equipment.

What qualifications you will need:

Basic Cardiac Life Support

(RN) Registered Nurse license in the state of CA

Bachelors in nursing preferred

2 years of experience in acute care hospital Med Surg required

Leadership, management or charge nurse experience highly desirable

Los Robles Regional Medical Center is a 380+ bed acute care hospital dedicated to serving the residents of Ventura and Los Angeles Counties along with the Greater Conejo Valley. We are the only Level II Trauma Center in East Ventura County. We are known for providing excellent care with compassion and kindness to each of our patients. In addition, Los Robles Regional Medical Center features a 24-hour emergency department, comprehensive stroke center, ICU/CCU, maternity, Level III NICU, comprehensive cancer center, heart & cardiovascular center, same day surgery, and rehab center.

HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated 3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.

"The great hospitals will always put the patient and the patients family first, and the really great institutions will provide care with warmth, compassion, and dignity for the individual." - Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder

Join a family that cares about every stage in your career! We are interviewing candidates for our Clinical Nurse Coordinator Ortho Spine opening. Apply today and a member of our Talent Acquisition team will reach out.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.