Responsibilities

Artificial Intelligence; Advanced Technology; The very best in patient care. With decades of expertise, RadNet is Leading Radiology Forward . With dynamic cross-training and advancement opportunities in a team-focused environment, the core of RadNet’s success is its people with the commitment to a better healthcare experience. When you join RadNet as a Radiology Practitioner Assistant , you will be joining a dedicated team of professionals who deliver quality, value, and access in the 21 st century and align all stakeholders- patients, providers, payors, and regulators to achieve the best clinical outcomes.

You Will:

Verify and review patient's referring physician order prior to performing exams.

Provide complete patient information for interpreting physicians, including: exam consent, health status, prescriptions, and any contraindications of exam. Records all unusual and/or pertinent patient history in patient's medical record and/or in the Radiology Information System (RIS), prior to being interpreted by a physician.

Under the direct supervision and guidance of a Radiologist (depending on the type of procedure), perform various diagnostic and/or interventional radiology procedures/exams.

Assist Radiologist with biopsies, drainages, and other procedures as needed.

Assist in image acquisition and communication of image evaluation reports.

Review imaging procedures, obtains complete and confidential patient information, makes initial observations, and communicates those observations only to the radiologist.

Record patient history (previously communicated through initial observations of imaging procedures) according to approved protocols.

Communicate radiologist's report to referring physician following ACR communication guidelines.

Provide physician-prescribed post-care instructions to patients.

Perform follow-up patient evaluation and communicate findings to the radiologist.

Appropriately document and record procedure(s) following established Company policy and procedure guidelines for quality assurance and safety standards.

Write discharge summary as directed; for review and co-signature by the supervising radiologist.

Travel our outpatient imaging centers.

Complete all appropriate medical record documentation requirements associated with exam at the time of exam or at the end of the work shift as designated by site protocol.

Demonstrates competency regarding the need to safeguard patient property and Patient Health Information.

Safeguards any on site medications in accordance with Company policies, procedures and any legal requirements.

Demonstrates respect for company property, including any cash and patient financial information on site or on patient portals.

Is responsive to the needs of others by exhibiting and maintaining professional behavior toward patients and coworkers.

Demonstrates respect for patient boundaries and cultural sensitivities during all interactions.

Demonstrates ability to interact diplomatically and sympathetically with patients, their families, and the public in a clinical setting.

If You Are:

Passionate about patient care and exercise sound judgement and an ability to remain professional in all situations.

You demonstrate effective and professional communication, interpersonal skills and respect with patients, guests & colleagues.

You have a structured work-approach, understand complex problems and you are able to prioritize work in a fast-paced environment.

To Ensure Success in This Role, You Must Have:

State License in Diagnostic Radiologic Technology

State License Fluoroscopy permit

ACLS certification

Must have certification from an advanced academic program through Weber State University (RPA) or a certified/approved program (RA) that encompasses a nationally recognized status and curriculum as well as a radiologist-directed clinical preceptorship.

Must have and use good customer service skills, experience in all general fluoroscopy procedures including gastrointestinal and genitourinary (Adult and Pediatrics), as well as arthrogram and myelogram procedures.

Must also have excellent communication skills to interact effectively with doctors, patients, vendors, peers, staff and management.

ARRT(R) certification preferred.

We Offer:

Comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision coverages.

Health Savings Accounts with employer funding.

Wellness dollars

401(k) Employer Match

Free services at any of our imaging centers for you and your immediate family.

Pay Range: $130,000.00-$150,000.00/ Per Year