Note: If you are CURRENTLY employed at Children's and/or have an active badge or network access, STOP here. Submit your application via Workday using the Career App (Find Jobs). Work Shift Variable Work Day(s) Shift Start Time Shift End Time Worker Sub-Type Regular Children’s is one of the nation’s leading children’s hospitals. No matter the role, every member of our team is an essential part of our mission to make kids better today and healthier tomorrow. We’re committed to putting you first, and that commitment is at the heart of our company culture: People first. Children always. Find your next career opportunity and make a difference doing what you love at Children’s. Job Description To provide Anesthesia and related care to the surgical patient during the immediate pre-, intra-, and post-operative period. Works collaboratively with members of team to proactively support the efforts that ensure delivery of safe patient care and services and to promote a safe environment at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. Our pediatric anesthesia team is growing, and we are actively seeking skilled anesthetists to help us continue providing advanced care to pediatric patients. When you join our team of more than 150 anesthesiologists and anesthetists, you’ll be part of one of the largest pediatric healthcare systems in the country, with three hospitals—Scottish Rite Hospital, Hughes Spalding Hospital and Arthur M. Blank Hospital—789 licensed beds and more than 1.1 million patient visits annually. We are continually recognized as one of the nation’s leading children’s hospitals by U.S. News & World Report, with many of our specialty programs ranking among the best in the nation. As a Children’s anesthetist, you’ll work alongside our experienced surgery team to provide anesthesia and related care to surgical patients during the immediate pre-, intra- and post-operative periods. What We Offer • Full-Time and Part-Time opportunities in hospital and ambulatory surgery center environments • Work/Life Balance: Enjoy flexible work schedule options – 8-hr, 10-hr, and 12hr shifts available Time Away from Work: up to 47 days annually based on experience, inclusive of vacation, sick, holiday, and CME • Sign on Bonus and Relocation Allowance options • Caring for You: health coverage, onsite wellness clinics and fitness facilities, childcare options, and free concierge services • Investing in You: Continuing education to grow your skills and retirement savings contributions to invest in your future Our team consists of a balanced mix of AA and CRNA anesthetists, with a 100% retention rate in 2024. Experience No minimum experience required Preferred Qualifications N/A Education Master’s degree in Medical Science; or Master’s or Doctorate in Nursing with a concentration in Anesthesia. (The terminal degree for CRNA is now a Doctorate of Nursing Practice) Certification Summary National Commission on Certification for Anesthesiologist Assistants (NCCAA) certification or Certification as a Nurse Anesthetist by the NBCRNA Current Licensure as a Physician’s Assistant - Anesthetist in the state of Georgia OR Licensure as a Registered Nurse in the single State of Georgia or Multi-State through the Enhanced Nurse Licensure Compact and Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN) licensure in the state of Georgia Basic Life Support (BLS) issued from the American Heart Association upon hire Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) from the American Heart Association within 60 days of hire Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrated writing skills in order to make entries on anesthesia record Demonstrated speaking and listening skills in order to communicate effectively with patients and staff Job Responsibilities Job Responsibilities to include: Anesthetics Administration and Monitoring: Assist the Anesthesiologist in gathering routine pre-operative data; induce, maintain, and discontinue anesthetics as directed by the Anesthesiologist; prepare selected drugs and equipment necessary for the conduct of the planned anesthetic; promptly record complete and pertinent anesthetic information on the anesthesia record. Pre- and Post-Operative Duties: Manage pre-, intra-, and post-operative care, including ventilator support placement of intravenous, arterial, and central venous lines, and blood product transfusions as directed by the Anesthesiologist; regularly monitor patient by viewing and analyzing ECG, temperature, heart and breath sounds, noninvasive/invasive arterial blood pressure, gas analyzers, and other vital signs (including central venous, pulmonary arterial, and intracardiac pressures when appropriate) and equipment; monitor arterial blood gas, hematocrit and hemoglobin, and other measures determined appropriate by consultation with Anesthesiologist. Emergency Response and CPR: Perform initial acute CPR in life-threatening situations or as directed by a physician and instruct others in principles and practices of anesthesia, respiratory care, and CPR as directed by an Anesthesiologist; choose appropriate anesthesia and drugs to be administered in life-threatening emergencies where standard orders for resuscitation or therapy are routine or where the standard orders for the conduct of a specified anesthetic are prescribed. Documentation and Quality Improvement: Visit patients post-operatively to determine quality of recovery and to discover any problems arising from the conduct of the anesthetic, and report and document complications to the Anesthesiologist and documented for awareness and quality improvement; document post-anesthetic evaluation in patient’s record to include date, time, evaluation, and signature. Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic covered by applicable law. Primary Location Address 2220 North Druid Hills Road Job Family Anesthetist Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta has been 100 percent committed to kids for more than 100 years. A not-for-profit organization, Children’s is dedicated to making kids better today and healthier tomorrow. With 3 hospitals, 20 neighborhood locations and a total of 673 beds, Children’s is the largest healthcare provider for children in Georgia and one of the largest pediatric clinical care providers in the country. Children’s offers access to more than 60 pediatric specialties and programs and is ranked among the top children’s hospitals in the country by U.S. News & World Report. Children’s has been recognized as a Fortune 100 Best Place to Work, a Best Place for Working Mothers, and as a top employer for diversity and millennials. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefit package that supports our mission, vision and values. We are proud to offer an array of programs and services to our employees that have distinguished us as a best place to work in the country. Connect to our mission of making kids better today and healthier tomorrow. Have questions about the recruitment process? Check out What to Expect. https://careers.choa.org/lp/What%20to%20Expect/2895392d3ba166e6/?locale=en_US