Pay range: $21.11 - $26.39 Relief Differential - 15% Swing Shift Differential - $2.50/hr Night Shift Differential - $5.50/hr Weekend Differential - $2.00/hr ST. CHARLES HEALTH SYSTEM JOB DESCRIPTION TITLE: Public Safety Officer REPORTS TO POSITION: Security Program Manager DEPARTMENT: Security DATE LAST REVIEWED: August 2024 OUR VISION: Creating America’s healthiest community, together OUR MISSION: In the spirit of love and compassion, better health, better care, better value OUR VALUES: Accountability, Caring and Teamwork DEPARTMENT SUMMARY: The Security Department at St. Charles Health System provides services which promote the physical and psychological safety of patients, visitors, and caregivers. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Public Safety Officer ensures the safety of patients, caregivers and visitors of St. Charles Health System. This position ensures the safety and security of all property, including buildings, equipment and assets on St. Charles Health System property. Provides a safe environment in which to offer the best possible care to St. Charles Health System patients. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES: Ensures the safety and security of all patients, caregivers, visitors and property of St. Charles Health System. Operates metal detector (stationary and hand held) and maintains its use within policy. Frequently inspects the buildings to ensure security of entrances, departments and general public areas. Provides professional service and direction to patients and families presenting to St. Charles Health System Hospitals for after-hours care in the hospital. Provides de-escalation support as situations require. Coordinates with the Admitting and Nursing staff to ensure all entrances are monitored. Responsible for crowd control during a mass casualty or events which may bring numerous patients and non-patients to the hospital. Monitors cameras and respond to alarms related to facility related problems. Troubleshoots system issues as trained. Follows all safety rules and procedures for work areas. Functions as an unlicensed assistive care provider under the direction and supervision of Registered Nursing. Performs tasks in which competency has been demonstrated as delegated by the Registered Nurse. Supports the vision, mission and values of the organization in all respects. Supports the Lean principles of continuous improvement with energy and enthusiasm, functioning as a champion of change. Provides and maintains a safe environment for caregivers, patients and guests Conducts all activities with the highest standards of professionalism and confidentiality. Complies with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures, supporting the organization’s corporate integrity efforts by acting in an ethical and appropriate manner, reporting known or suspected violation of applicable rules, and cooperating fully with all organizational investigations and proceedings. Delivers customer service and/or patient care in a manner that promotes goodwill, is timely, efficient and accurate. May perform additional duties of similar complexity within the organization, as required or assigned. EDUCATION Required: High school graduate or GED equivalent. Must be willing to take additional courses as required for the position. Preferred: N/A LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATION Required: Ability to obtain DPSST Armed/Unarmed Professional certification within 90 days of hire and maintain certification throughout employment. AHA Basic Life Support for Healthcare Provider certification within 30 days of hire. Code Gray Training upon hire. Valid Oregon driver’s license and ability to meet SCHS driving requirements. Preferred: Certified Advanced Healthcare Security Officer (CAHSO). EXPERIENCE Required: N/A Preferred: One year of corrections, military, first responder (law enforcement, EMS), Behavioral health or related security experience. One year customer services related experience with heavy public contact. Two years security experience in a hospital setting. PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT Must be able to wear appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) required to perform the job safely. ADDITIONAL POSITION INFORMATION: General: Communication/Interpersonal Must have excellent communication skills and ability to interact with a diverse population and professionally represent SCHS. Ability to effectively interact and communicate with all levels within SCHS and external customers/clients/potential employees. Strong team working and collaborative skills. Ability to effectively reach consensus with a diverse population with differing needs. Ability to manage facilitation and consensus building among health care professionals and agencies and achieve expected results. Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Organizational Ability to multi-task and work independently. Attention to detail. Excellent organizational skills, written and oral communication and customer service skills, particularly in dealing with stressful personal interactions. Strong analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills. Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Continually (75% or more): Standing and walking, keyboard operation, use of clear and audible speaking voice and the ability to hear normal speech level. Frequently (50%): Sitting, lifting/carrying/pushing or pulling 1-25 pounds. The use and operation of a motor vehicle for Home Health and Wound Caregivers. Occasionally (25%): Bending, stooping/kneeling/crouching, climbing ladder/step-stool (varies by area), reaching overhead, lifting/carrying/pushing or pulling 25-50 pounds, grasping/squeezing, ability to hear whispered speech level. Rarely (10%): Climbing stairs. Never (0%): Climbing ladder/step-stool (varies by area), operation of a motor vehicle. Exposure to Elemental Factors Rarely (10%): Wet/slippery area, chemical solution. Never (0%): Heat, cold, noise, dust, vibration, uneven surface. Blood-Borne Pathogen (BBP) Exposure Category Risk for Exposure to BBP Schedule Weekly Hours: 0 Caregiver Type: Relief Shift: Variable (United States of America) Is Exempt Position? No Job Family: OFFICER Scheduled Days of the Week: Variable Shift Start & End Time: Various St. Charles Health System is a private, nonprofit organization, dedicated to providing high-quality care and the latest in health care technology to the communities it serves. Headquartered in Bend, Ore., St. Charles is an integrated delivery system, with a strong focus on population health, that provides a full range of evidence-based health care services within a 32,000-square-mile area in Central and Eastern Oregon. The health system owns and operates a trauma level II, tertiary referral center in Bend, a trauma level III, type B rural hospital in Redmond, and trauma level IV critical access hospitals in both Prineville and Madras. As the largest employer in Central Oregon, St. Charles Health System and St. Charles Medical Group care for our communities in more than two dozen outpatient clinics and in more than 20 specialty areas of medicine. For additional information, such as Career FAQ's, benefits, and why your dream job awaits, please visit our Careers site. With a variety of nursing positions available, you can choose a career path that fits both your interests AND your lifestyle. Please click on the link for additional help on navigating the candidate site and features of the candidate home page. Candidate Home User Guide