Sign-on bonus of $7,500!Akumin is a leading provider of outpatient radiology and oncology services, partnering with top hospitals and health systems nationwide to deliver advanced diagnostic imaging and exceptional patient care close to home. With a national footprint, cutting-edge technology, and a strong commitment to innovation and patient-centered care, our teams play a vital role in improving outcomes for millions of patients each year.   We are currently hiring for a MRI Technologist at our Berlin, New Hampshire facility. This will be a full time position.  Our MRI technologists use exceptional communication skills to connect with patients, explain the procedure and put them at ease. With a caring attitude and keen attention to detail, they ensure patient comfort, safety and satisfaction every step of the way.   Specific duties include, but are not limited to: Responsible for Patient Safety, including pre-screening for contra-indications, aseptic injection technique, etc. Produces high quality diagnostic images. Orders supplies, cleans unit, assist in preparing for transport on a daily basis. Effectively communicates with customers and/or radiologists. Trains new technologist and/or PC&#39;s  Position Requirements: High School Diploma or Equivalent Experience  Registered Technologists by the ARRT, NMTCB or ARDMS State License, as required. Technologists performing mid-day moves CPR certification. Active state driver’s license.  Preferred Requirements: Associate&#39;s Degree or Equivalent Experience Registry in Magnetic Resonance by the ARRT.  At Akumin, we invest in the well-being of our employees, so you can bring your best self to work each day. You can expect to see the following benefits: Competitive compensation Flexible scheduling Cross training opportunities Medical, dental, and vision insurance HSA accounts with employer contributions 401(k) eligibility with employer match Paid holidays Defined PTO and sick time programs Eligibility for benefits will vary based on position type and hours worked.  The estimated hourly pay range for this role in New Hampshire is $50.31 - $62.30. Actual compensation depends on experience, skills, location, and other factors such as internal equity and budget.  Akumin Operating Corp. and its divisions are an equal opportunity employer and we believe in strength through diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, age, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity &amp; expression, status as a protected veteran, or disability. Akumin Operating Corp. and its divisions are an equal opportunity employer and we believe in strength through diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, age, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity &amp; expression, status as a protected veteran, or disability.