Minimum Hiring Wage:
From $25.14 per hour

Job Details:
$5,500 Sign on Bonus for Eligible Applicants

Scheduled Hours: Varies | Days

Two 24-hour Shifts per Week | On Call required

Job Description:

A Brief Overview

Provides advanced emergency medical treatment and transports ill or injured persons. Responsible for performance of patient care activities, documentation, daily routine operations, continuous quality improvement activities, participation in educational programs and in services as well as performance of miscellaneous related duties. Effectively interacts with the patient, significant others, and other health team members while maintaining high standards of professional care. Provides high quality emergency medical services to the following customer populations: Public; Patients; Allied emergency personnel; Students doing field internships.

What you will do

Administer drugs by all available routes of medication administration following proper procedures and protocols under a physician's direction.

Administer first-aid treatment and life-support care to sick or injured persons in pre-hospital setting.

Assess nature and extent of illness or injury to establish and prioritize medical procedures.

Attend training classes to maintain certification licensure, keep abreast of new developments in the field, or maintain existing knowledge.

Comfort and reassure patients.

Communicate with dispatchers and treatment center personnel to provide information about situation, to arrange reception of victims, and to receive instructions for further treatment.

Coordinate with treatment center personnel to obtain patients' vital statistics and medical history, to determine the circumstances of the emergency, and to administer emergency treatment.

Coordinate work with other emergency medical team members and police and fire department personnel.

Decontaminate ambulance interior following treatment of patient with infectious disease and report case to proper authorities.

Drive mobile intensive care unit to specified location, following instructions from emergency medical dispatcher.

Maintain vehicles and medical and communication equipment, and replenish first-aid equipment and supplies.

Observe, record, and report to physician the patient's condition or injury, the treatment provided, and reactions to drugs and treatment.

Operate equipment such as electrocardiograms (EKGs), external defibrillators and bag-valve mask resuscitators in advanced life-support environments.

Perform emergency diagnostic and treatment procedures, such as stomach suction, airway management or heart monitoring, during ambulance ride.

Qualifications

1-3 years Experience in EMS at any level Required

Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures.

Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.

Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.

Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects.

Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions.

Knowledge of principles and methods for transporting individuals including the relative costs and benefits.

Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.

Actively looking for ways to help people.

Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.

Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do.

Talking to others to convey information effectively.

The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.

The ability to keep your hand and arm steady while moving your arm or while holding your arm and hand in one position.

The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.

The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.

The ability to make precisely coordinated movements of the fingers of one or both hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble very small objects.

The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).

The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations).

The ability to coordinate two or more limbs (for example, two arms, two legs, or one leg and one arm) while sitting, standing, or lying down. It does not involve performing the activities while the whole body is in motion.

The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.

The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you.

The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person.

Immobilize patient for placement on stretcher and ambulance transport, using backboard or other spinal immobilization device.

Train and mentor new employees and students at all EMS levels

Knowledge and ability to transport patients on ventilators and BiPAP

Basic Cardiac Life Support & First Aid - American Heart Association Upon Hire Required

Advanced Cardiac Life Support - American Heart Association within 30 Days Required

Pediatric Advanced Life Support - American Heart Association within 1 Year Required

Neonatal Resuscitation Program - American Academy of Pediatrics within 1-1/2 Yrs Required

Paramedic Iowa Dept of Public Health (IDPH) (United States of America) Upon Hire Required

Driver's License Upon Hire Required

National Paramedic Upon Hire Preferred

Qualifications:

Additional Job Description

ACLS required before employee is allowed to care for ALS patient without preceptor present. Certification should be obtained within 3 days following first day of departmental orientation.
Additional compensation will be given for additional state required duties and responsibilities. These duties may include maintenance manager who oversees all maintenance issues and record keeping for departmental vehicles. These duties may also include training and continuous quality improvements required for staff based on state and departmental requirements.
HC EMS - Call shifts

Benefits:

We are excited to offer an aggressive compensation and benefits package for qualifying positions, which includes:

Competitive base pay

Matching retirement programs

Health, Dental and Vision plans

Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts

Employee discounts including car rental, cell-phone plans

Employer-paid, Long-Term Disability, Life, and AD&D

Paid time off (PTO)

Education Assistance Program

Employee Assistance Program

Employee Referral Bonus Program

Discounted cafeteria meals

Paid Parental Leave

Employee Service Recognition program

Voluntary plans including: Life, AD&D, Short-Term Disability, Critical Illness, Accident, Insurance, and Hospital Indemnity

Great River Health and its affiliates are Equal Opportunity employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity