Mammographer PRN Burleson

Bring your passion to Texas Health so we are Better + Together

Are you looking for a rewarding career with flexibility? We’re looking for a Mammographer like you to join our Texas Health family.

Position Highlights

Work location: Texas Health Neighborhood Care and Wellness - 2750 SW Wilshire Blvd Burleson, Texas 76028

Work environment: Radiology Services

Work hours: PRN Variable Shifts Rotating Weekends and Holidays

Here's What You Need

Graduate of an accredited school of radiologic technology Required

Or Associate's Degree Preferred

Breast Ultrasound experience Preferred

Or meet the mammography requirements as stated in Federal Register for MQSA in Final Rules, Part 900.12(a)(2). Preferred

ARRT - American Registry of Radiologic Technologists Radiography Upon Hire Required

And ARRT - American Registry of Radiologic Technologists Mammography Upon Hire Preferred

Or ARRT - American Registry of Radiologic Technologists Mammography within 12 Months of hire Required and CMRT - Certified Medical Radiologic Technologist Either by the TDH or TMB Upon Hire Required

And BCLS - Basic Cardiac Life Support within 30 Days of hire Required

What You Will do

Direct Patient Care:

Performs mammograms and diagnostic radiographs.

Produce quality images in mammography as defined by the American College of Radiology guidelines.

Possesses standard and advanced positioning skills.

Performs quality diagnostic radiology exams for general radiography and fluoroscopic exams.

Greets patient in a courteous manner.

Introduces self by name and explains procedure to patient and family if necessary.

Quality Assurance/Control:

Mammography: Phantom images, visual inspections, compression checks, screen contract, peer reviews, monthly check list for all mammography units. Informs Physicist when any repairs are done on the mammography units as needed.

Equipment Maintenance: Keeps logs, PM and physicist survey on all x-ray, equipment.

Repeat Rates: Collects and tabulates repeat rates for diagnostic radiology, mammography and stereotactic table.

Diagnostic Radiology: Visual inspections for the R F, Tomo, mammo rooms and apron and glove leak checks, screen contact, peer review and technologist peer review.

Other: Arrange for calibrations, arrange for electrical checks, review and update all QA books, review all standards (ACR/TDH/FDA and JCAHO), distribute film badges, generate and distribute continuing education certificates. Responsible for annual inspection by TDH and FDA. Attend monthly departmental staff meetings. Responsible for completing quarterly QI report for QRMC.

Non-Direct Patient Care:

Documentation: Accurately enters patient data in RIS system for patient tracking and patient exam verification (billing of exam).

Present patient case history and images to Radiologists for review by pulling images from PACS and hanging analog films on multiviewers as needed.

Training, Education, and Team Support: Meets or exceeds continuing education requirements for mammography and diagnostic radiology as deemed necessary from Texas Department of Health, American College of Health, American College of Radiology, and FDA/MQSA guidelines.

Attends monthly departmental staff meetings and mandatory in services. Follows department specific/hospital policies in reference to absences, tardies, time and attendance, supervisor notification, and the importance of wearing ID badge visible to patients, customers, and hospital staff and physicians.

Patient Safety:

Verify patient with two identifiers.

Maintain equipment-clean and inspect, report any malfunctions.

Respond to emergency situations appropriately.

Recognize safety hazards; acts to protect patients, self and others.

Leadership/ Responsibility:

Attends monthly staff meetings.

Work collaboratively with the Departmental Director, TL Rad Mammographer and the Leadership Team for Process Improvement.

Work toward becoming more effective with the leadership team regarding strategic objectives, synergistic of department growth.

At Texas Health Neighborhood Care and Wellness – Burleson, we take seriously our mission to improve the health of those in our community. We are an Integrated Healthcare Center (IHC) providing convenient Outpatient and Emergency care services to Burleson and the surrounding communities since 2010.

Our Burleson facility is licensed as a sub-site of Texas Health Fort Worth. The Imaging Department provides Ultrasound, Diagnostic, CT, MRI and Mammography to both Outpatients and Emergency Room patients of all ages.

And talk about award winning. Texas Health Fort Worth is Joint Commission-certified in both Heart Failure and Chest Pain, a Comprehensive Stroke Center, an Acute Heart Failure Center, a Level II Trauma Center, a designated Magnet hospital and the Best Place to Have a Baby in Tarrant County. We are a top-notch choice in North Texas for emergency services, women’s services, cardiac care and much more.

As part of the Texas Health family, we employ over 24,000 employees and are among the areas top five largest employers. Come be a part of our exceptional team as we continue to provide outstanding care and deliver award winning results. You belong here.

Additional perks of being a Texas Health Mammographer

· Benefits include 401k, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), Discount Programs, as well as other benefits.

· Delivery of high-quality patient care

· Strong Unit Based Council (UBC).

· A supportive, team environment with outstanding opportunities for growth.

Here are a few of our recent awards:

2025 Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For® (11th consecutive year & highest among health care systems recognized.)

2025 Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Texas™ list (Texas Health ranked #3 on Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Texas™ list — the highest healthcare system and North Texas-based organization to receive this recognition. This is the eight year Texas Health has been ranked among best large companies in Texas.)

2024 “20 Best Workplaces in Health Care” by Great Place to Work® and Fortune (10th consecutive year, 9th year in the top 3 and top spot in Texas)

Additional perks of being a THR Mammographer

Gain a sense of accomplishment by contributing in a teamwork environment

Positively impact patients’ quality of life

Receive excellent mentorship, comprehensive training and dedicated clinical leadership resources

Enjoy opportunities for growth

If you’re ready to join us in our mission to improve the health of our community, then let’s show the world how we’re even better together!

Learn more about our culture, benefits, and recent awards.

Do you still have questions or concerns? Feel free to email your questions to recruitment@texashealth.org

#LI-LC1