Responsibilities Texoma Medical Center, a 414-bed acute care facility has been providing quality health care to the residents of North Texas and Southern Oklahoma since 1965. Our main campus is located in Denison, Texas, approximately one hour north of the Dallas/Fort Worth area and just south of the Texas/Oklahoma border. In addition, we have numerous facilities in locations throughout the Texoma region. Since 1965, TMC has forged a special relationship with the people of North Texas and Southern Oklahoma. Texoma residents have come to depend on TMC to meet a spectrum of physical, mental and spiritual needs. TMC has responded with unique services to provide the kind of sophisticated, experienced care that was once was available only in major metropolitan areas. We offer major specialty services including open heart surgery and neurosurgery. Advanced resources such as certified trauma care support TMC's role as a regional specialty center. About Universal Health Services Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) is one of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services. Since our founding in 1979, UHS has grown steadily into a premier Fortune 500® corporation perennially recognized by multiple esteemed national rating entities. Through its subsidiaries, UHS operates inpatient acute care facilities, inpatient behavioral health facilities, outpatient and other facilities, nationwide virtual behavioral health services, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services with physical locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Ireland and United Kingdom. www.uhs.com. From Fortune, ©2025, 2026 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. POSITION SUMMARY: Provides evaluation and treatment of patients referred by medical staff; provides clinical expertise to the multidisciplinary therapy staff, and serves as a resource for the occupational therapy staff for clinical guidance, practice and ethics. Provides supervision for OT/COTA student education programs. Qualifications Graduate of an accredited program of Occupational Therapy. Licensed by the State of Texas required. BLS (Basic Life Support) Healthcare Provider course according to RQI program guidelines must be completed during new hire orientation prior to working in a clinical setting. Must be able to commute between facilities in a timely manner. Strong knowledge of advanced therapy skills and competencies. Strong written, verbal and interpersonal relationship skills. Basic computer skills. EEO Statement All UHS subsidiaries are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates. UHS subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and as such, openly support and fully commit to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion and compensation of individuals without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), genetic information, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Avoid and Report Recruitment Scams We are aware of a scam whereby imposters are posing as Recruiters from UHS, and our subsidiary hospitals and facilities. Beware of anyone requesting financial or personal information. At UHS and all our subsidiaries, our Human Resources departments and recruiters are here to help prospective candidates by matching skill set and experience with the best possible career path at UHS and our subsidiaries. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (e.g., Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. Our recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Hotmail, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. If you suspect a fraudulent job posting or job-related email mentioning UHS or its subsidiaries, we encourage you to report such concerns to appropriate law enforcement. We encourage you to refer to legitimate UHS and UHS subsidiary career websites to verify job opportunities and not rely on unsolicited calls from recruiters.