HealthPartners is hiring a Licensed Dental Assistant. This is an on-call position and will float to multiple locations across our Dental Clinics.

QUALIFICATIONS:

REQUIRED:

Must be a licensed dental assistant in the state of Minnesota.

Must be able to perform all duties within the scope of practice established by regulations and rules of the State of Minnesota and the Minnesota Board of Dentistry that the dentist(s) delegates. For newly established functions, must complete applicable credentialing or certification requirements in a reasonable period of time after appropriate training is available.

Proven ability to perform as a part of a team composed of dentists, dental hygienists, licensed dental assistants and clerical staff.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must have good visual acuity and hand-eye coordination.

Ability to perform repetitive motions with hands and arms.

Must be able to sit for prolonged periods of time (60 minutes or longer).

Proficiency in English is required. Proficiencies in other languages may be required.

POSITION PURPOSE:

Service excellence is to be centered on patient care and patient relationships and is the responsibility of all employees. Teamwork is the norm and all employees will be held accountable to work as effective team members. To provide quality dental care to patients within HP/GHI dental facilities, incorporating elements of customer service. Responsible for performing all dental assisting duties in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Minnesota Board of Dentistry.

ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Able to perform all duties in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Minnesota Board of Dentistry.

Responsible for knowledge and performance of clinical emergency procedures.

Responsible for implementing policies, procedures and treatment guidelines.

Assist providers directly in all phases of dental care delivery.

Responsible for the proper maintenance of patient care related equipment, supplies and processes.

Uses appropriate systems, automated or manual, to record and maintain accurate patient records and other information.

Responsible for awareness of the daily activity in the clinic and/or to provider staff being supported.

Responsible for schedule management and patient follow-up.

Perform other related duties as directed by the Dental Lead or Clinic Management Team.