Job Requirements

Pediatric Rehabilitation Services provides inpatient and outpatient PT, OT and SLP services to patients birth to 21 years of age at the Spartanburg Medical Center-Church Street campus. SMC-CS is a division of Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System and is ranked #2 in South Carolina by U.S. News and World Report in 2020-2021. It is an acute care Baby-Friendly® hospital with a Level III NICU located directly above Pediatric Rehabilitation Services, creating an excellent continuum of care for our therapy patients. Equine Assisted Therapy and Aquatics are offered at alternate locations. The ideal candidate has pediatric experience and demonstrates our system's core values of accountability, compassion, collaboration, integrity, respect, and stewardship. They must exhibit positive energy, flexibility, solid administrative skills, and an eagerness to serve.

Position Summary

The Occupational Therapist evaluates and treats patients by referral. He/she plans treatment programs and performs therapy to restore function, prevent disability, and maximize the potential and quality of life following disease, injury or surgery. The Occupational Therapist completes reassessments according to regulatory requirements. He/she may delegate treatments to COTAs and performs re-evaluations and supervisory visits per state practice act. He/she appropriately modifies treatment plans and procedures and uses appropriate communication techniques to achieve optimal results. He/she may supervise COTAs, Rehab Techs, and students. He/she participates in community presentations, staff education, and other departmental activities as requested by the supervisor, manager or director.

Minimum Requirements

Education

BS in Occupational Therapy

License/Registration/Certifications

CPR-AHA BLS

SC OT License

Registered with NBCOT

Preferred Requirements

Preferred Education

MS in Occupational Therapy

Preferred Experience

One to five (1-5) years clinical experience

Core Job Responsibilities

Adheres to all Standards of Behavior.

Performs appropriate assessment and reassessment procedures based on accepted practice standards.

Provides therapy according to treatment plan.

Completes timely and accurate documentation and billing according to practice standards.

Provides education and training to patients, families, and caregivers.

Delegates to and supervises occupational therapy assistants, students, and support staff.

Utilizes non-patient care time to assist others, enhance professional growth, and participate in program development.

Attends departmental and hospital meetings.

Participates in hospital committees when requested.

Completes other duties as assigned.