Job Summary and Responsibilities

Night shift position.

As our Social Worker, you will be a compassionate advocate, providing vital support and guidance to individuals and families facing complex challenges.

The Masters Social Worker is responsible for performing social work assessments and interventions as needed for hospitalized and emergency department patients. The functions of the Masters Social Worker include: crisis intervention, patient/family intervention, high-risk screening, brief counseling, referrals for financial or other identified resource needs, arrange and facilitate family/patient representative meetings with the health care team as needed, arrange post-acute placement on complex discharges and engagement of appropriate agencies or community resources when high-risk patients are identified.

To be successful in this role, you will possess exceptional interpersonal skills, empathy, strong knowledge of community resources, and proven crisis management abilities, fostering positive change and client empowerment.

Providing developmentally appropriate care for all populations served: plan for the safe discharge and continuity of care, recognize and plan for the unique needs of all ages, the physically disabled, mentally ill, chronically ill, terminally ill, and vulnerable patients.

Advocacy and education, patient/family self-care management, patient/family management education

Bioethics referrals and management

Physician, staff and community education

Case/care management/coordination education and training

Risk management identification and referral

Job Requirements
Required

Masters degree from a school of social work accredited by the Council of Social Work Education

1-year Post-MSW experience or Social Work internship in a clinical or medical setting

Licensed Social Worker Associate Independent Clinical (LSWAIC),

Licensed Advanced Social Worker,

Licensed Social Worker Associate Advanced,

Licensed Agency Affiliated Counselor

Preferred

Minimum 3-Year Post-MSW healthcare experience

Where You'll Work

Virginia Mason Franciscan Health has a rich history of providing exceptional healthcare, dating back to 1891. Building upon a legacy of compassionate care and innovation, our organization has evolved over the years through strategic partnerships and integrations to expand our reach and services across the Puget Sound area.

Today, as Virginia Mason Franciscan Health, we remain deeply committed to healing the whole person – body, mind, and spirit – in the communities we serve. This commitment is strengthened by the diverse expertise and shared values brought together through our growth.

Our dedicated providers offer a full spectrum of health care services, from routine wellness to complex disease management, all grounded in rigorous research and education. Our comprehensive network of 10 hospitals and nearly 300 care sites strategically located across the greater Puget Sound region reflects our ongoing commitment to accessibility and comprehensive care.

We are proud of our pioneering medical advances and numerous awards and accreditations that reflect our dedication to excellence. When you join Virginia Mason Franciscan Health, you become part of a team that delivers top-quality, professional healthcare in modern, well-equipped facilities, and contributes to a legacy of service built on collaboration and shared purpose.