Overview

The South Bend Clinic strives to make the entire Michiana community healthier by providing convenient primary, specialty and urgent care services close to home. Our South Bend Clinic team in Rheumatology is growing and looking to add a skilled and compassionate provider to join our collaborative team, helping to expand our high-quality care and continue serving the needs of our patients with expertise and dedication.

Read more about our South Bend Clinic Rheumatology team at Expert Care for Every Step

The South Bend Clinic provides a valuable benefits program that is made to meet the various needs of our team members and their families:

Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits that include healthcare navigation assistance and medical coverage at 100% (after deductible) when utilizing a Duly provider

Flexible Spending Account/Health Savings Account, employer provided life and disability insurance, 401K with company match

Flexible Time Off, Volunteer Days, and Paid Holidays

Employee Discounts and Tuition Assistance

Up to $2,500 yearly in CME funds

Qualifications

Master's degree from an accredited Physician Assistant or Nurse Practitioner program. National certification in the applicable specialty (ANCC)

Current state licensure as PA or Advanced Practice Nurse and RN

Maintains current CPR (BLS) certification

Active Mid-level Practitioner Controlled Substance License and DEA License may be required based on prescriptive authority

About The South Bend Clinic:

In 1916, Dr. Walter Baker, a South Bend surgeon, was inspired by a visit to the Mayo Clinic and returned to South Bend to establish The South Bend Clinic with five other specialists. The clinic has since grown to include ten campuses, nearly 150 providers, and over twenty specialties. Despite its expansion, it remains committed to patient-centered, physician-led care. In 2021, The South Bend Clinic joined Duly Health and Care, a leading multi-specialty group, to further its mission of improving healthcare and enhancing the well-being of Michiana residents. Visit us at www.southbendclinic.com to learn more!

Responsibilities

As an APP at The South Bend Clinic, you will get the opportunity to:

Perform patient and examinations and treatment and records physical exams, analyze data, develop care plans, and treat minor illnesses and injuries per established protocols. Assist with procedures or conduct invasive/non-invasive procedures within scope of practice

Orders laboratory, x-ray, and/or other non-invasive diagnostic tests and procedures. Initiate collaboration with supervising physicians, referrals to appropriate physicians or other health care professionals of problems that exceed the NPs scope of practice. Finish a communication to referring provider or supervising physician.

Prescribe medications within scope of practice, with collaborative physician oversight and necessary mid-level practitioner-controlled substance license

Instruct patients and families on healthcare, illness prevention, and home care, adjusting communication to the patient's age, psycho-social, and cultural needs to achieve optimal health outcomes in accordance with practice protocols Skills:

Strong analytical, interpretive, and problem-solving skills

Detail-oriented in maintaining patient-related information and documenting patient progress

Exceptional patient interaction demonstrating a friendly, approachable demeanor, effectively resolves customer complaints, and applies strong customer service principles to ensure a positive experience